Folc4evernaday
[Linked Image]
Show time!
2018 marks 25 years since Lois and Clark the New Adventures of Superman aired on television. This year also marks the 20th anniversary of the Kerths. This show brought to life the romance between our favorite duo and made us root for the man behind the suit, Clark Kent. This was the first portrayal that showed Clark Kent as the person and Superman as the disguise. Obviously this was a successful gamble given how there are still fans around over twenty years after the show is off the air.
There were 73 eligible stories this year and after our first round of voting, we narrowed those down to 68. 68 stories were voted on, read and finalized into our list of winners. We also decided to change things up a little. This year saw not only the return of several categories but we also brought about the arrival of many new categories. We’ve gone from 10 categories to 22. A huge thank you goes to the voters who painstakingly raked through the 68 stories to help give us our final list of winners. We’d also like to say thank you to everyone that’s volunteered and helped us piece this ceremony together. The authors, the presenters, and the presentation writers. Thank you. Without everyone’s willingness we would not be able to put together a Kerth Ceremony for you each year. Speaking of ceremonies, let’s get started with our first presenter…Cuidadora who has graciously stepped in to present this year’s Best New Author award.
CuidadoraIt’s my honor to again present the Best New Author award. I’m sorry that last year’s winner, Nivafrer, couldn’t present this year due to a family emergency.
Twenty years after the first Kerth Awards in 1998, this year we welcomed three new authors. That’s one more than 2017! It’s amazing that this fandom is continuing to grow, over two decades after the show went off the air. And we also welcomed back several authors who had taken a leave of absence. Welcome to you all!
This years new authors are all talented. Each one gave us an astounding debut! Two gave us not one story, but a series of two stories, while the third author’s debut is a mid-length story. Impressive submissions—let alone first submissions—from all three!
CarrieRene wrote the “Caught in the Act Series,” with “500 Miles” and “Caught in the Act.” She gave us humorous glimpses into married life and songs with our favorite couple.
Millefeuilles wrote the “Blooming Time Series,” her Season 1 Finale remake. She showed us in both “Blooming Time” and “Revealing Time” not only “the” revelation, but also a revelation of Lois’s true feelings.
And Opportunemoment debuted with “The Body For It.” Another unique revelation when Spiderman appears unexpectedly in Metropolis, and Clark discovers who his friends are when he needs help because an informant may be unscrupulous.
Congratulations to each of you. Not only did you write amazing stories, but for your first time out they were each nominated for more than one category! We’re hoping that you all continue to write and post more LnC stories!
It is an honor and pleasure to present the 2018 Kerth New Author: Millefeuilles. Congratulations!
Millefeuilles
*** Hugs husband, and stumbles to the stage, then takes the microphone. ***
[Linked Image]
Millefeuilles Oh, la la… Are you quite sure we’re not having an Oscar moment?
I don’t know what to say, except “Merci”. Thank you! I’m very proud and honored to receive this award for my two first stories in this fandom. I’ve been a faithful reader of the archives for years, and it means quite a lot to me to join such a talented bunch of writers. So, merci!
Folc4evernaday We promise you are this year's Best New Author
Millefeuilles Thank you.... I could never have submitted my fics without my fantastic Betas Cuidadora and Folc4evernday: they were always patient and encouraging, corrected without grumbling at my exotic phrasing, and were the best Beta I could dream of. So, this award is also yours, guys! “Blooming Time” evolved from a sentence I imagined Lois saying to Superman, asking him to listen to her “as if he had no powers, as if he were just an ordinary man leading an ordinary life”. Then, the fic took a life of its own, and I had to write it down.
I wouldn’t have written “Revealing Time” without Queen of the Capes and Morgana’s prompts to write a sequel. So, thank you, both of you, for your kind comments that spawned this sequel.
Last, and not least, thank you to all the FoLCs, old hands and new ones, for keeping this fandom alive, with your myriad talents.
Folc4evernaday Congratulations again Mille! It is well deserved. We have a great show planned for everyone tonight and we hope a few surprise guests. Our next presenter….
Ralph: That’s right everyone this year they pulled in the big guns. Me!
Folc4evernaday Ralph. Would you just get to the point already?
Ralph: See I’m the best there is. That’s why I’m presenting the best…(frowns looking at envelope) Uh, Super-Short category? No, that can’t be right. I was told I was doing the best overall. You know, the big one.
Folc4evernaday We selected categories that went best with the, uh, presenters.
Ralph: And you think I’m SUPER-SHORT?
Folc4evernaday Well, you do come across as ….
Ralph: As what?
Folc4evernaday As well, um, how do I put this?
Morgana Hey, What's going on here? I thought we were presenting the super-short category?
Folc4evernaday Slight difficulty here. (looks at Ralph)
Morgana (Shrugs) I'll take it from here
Folc4evernaday (excited) You will?
Ralph: Hey!
Morgana Welcome, gentle FoLCs. The authors of this year’s Super Short stories showed that a talented writer does not need a plethora of words to evoke reactions from a simple smile to strong emotions in readers. I will try to follow their lead by making this presentation brief.
CarrieRene illustrated in 500 Miles that even horribly off-key singing can sound sweet if one loves the singer.
What would have happened in Sex, Lies, and Videotape if Lois and Clark were Being More Discreet? Our favourite couple were perhaps more in character in Mrs. Mxyzptlk’s story than in canon itself.
According to Framework4’s Brainstorming, it takes a village to keep Superman’s secret safe, but it only takes one to spill it.
In CarrieRene’s Caught in the Act, we see through Clark’s eyes a moment in which Lois lets her guard down and simply has some fun.
Only someone who is chumpy would believe that Lois would hesitate about Changing the Game when things don’t go her way. NostalgiaKick’s rewrite of her story shows us that Lois applies this philosophy not just to Scrabble, but also to love.
In NostalgiaKick’s Family, Lois helps Clark gain some much-needed perspective; in her story Fresh Eyes, it is Lois herself whose perspective has changed.
Heat Vision can have more versatile uses than one might at first suspect. Framework4’s Superman has perfected some of them.
In Cuidadora’s In His Arms, both Lois and Clark believe that Superman needs another to exist, but they differ in who that second person is.
The title of Deadly Chakram’s It Can’t Be Unseen leaves one wondering until the very end what, precisely, “it” is. If you don’t know, then go read her story (after the ceremony, of course) ; I’m not about to give “it” away.
We all saw the struggle Clark had to show restraint after Lois’s Dance of the Seven Veils, but in NostalgiaKick’s Mercy, we get to “hear” Clark’s struggle between his desires and his morals.
NostalgiaKick shares with us that even a Superman needs a friend to turn to when he is feeling Overwhelmed.
Perry White meets some familiar faces from the past in Dandello’s Passing Time/Crossing Time.
When Lois discovers Clark’s secret, she decides it’s time for some Payback. Guess who wrote this one? Yup, another story by NostalgiaKick. (This is becoming the NostalgiaKick show. ;-))
And in Protecting Lois (also by you-know-who), Clark secretly celebrates the fact that although Lois calls for Superman for physical protection, she turns to Clark for everything else.
Oh, look at this… A different author. Our favourite show would have unfolded quite differently had Superman changed the Rules of Engagement as he did in Framework4’s story.
The Winner for Best Super-Short is .. It Can't Be Unseen by Deadly Chakram!
[Linked Image]
Deadly Chakram Wow, thank you, everyone, for voting for this fic. This one was one of those weird “shower thought” kind of inspirations. It came out of nowhere, but it amused me so much that I had to work on it that night. Still, everyone has a different sense of humor. Just because the idea of Clark making a rescue where he did (I won’t spoil it for those who might not have read it yet) made me laugh until I cried, didn’t mean that anyone else would appreciate the humor. Then there was the fact that my muse…well, she tends to stray far away from super short stories. She likes her tales on the longer side (which doesn’t help me get much produced lately). So it really means a lot to me that you all used your precious votes to vote for my story. Perhaps it will help my muse be a little less shy when it comes to comedy. From the bottom of my heart, thank you.
Folc4evernaday Congratulations to our Super-Short Winner, Vicki. Our next category is the Short Category and…
Lana Lang: First, I’d like to thank all the little people out there in Smallville that helped make this possible and most of all I’d like to…
Folc4evernaday Lana, what are you doing?
Lana Lang: Practicing my acceptance speech silly. You didn’t think I’d just wing it did you?’
Folc4evernaday Acceptance speech? No, you’re supposed to help PRESENT the award.
Lana Lang: Oh. (huff) I see. Well, then WHO is the winner? I hope you’re not giving it to some amateur...I’ve been doing this for…
Jerry White:Are you ALWAYS like this?
Lana Lang: Who are you?
Jerry White: Your co-presenter. (holds up envelope)
Lana Lang: No, no, no, I work alone.
Jerry White: Not today you don’t. (turns to audience) Sorry about the delay folks.
Lana Lang: (Harsh whisper) What are you doing?? I’m not ready.
Jerry White: (whispers) Get ready. (turns to audience) This year we’ve come across many stories that packed the punch with just a few words.
Lana Lang: ..Uh, yes, proving once again that sometimes less IS more.
Jerry White: And sometimes emotion can be summed up in a few words or phrases. It’s a talented group that have been nominated in this group. The nominees for Best Short are…
A Plot Thwarted by Annie B
A Super Meeting by Deadly Chakram
A Town Called Smallville by Dandello
Agoraphobia by MouseRocks
Blooming Time by Millefeuilles
Dying to Fit In by Deadly Chakram
Hitting Close to Home by Lynn S.M.
Just Save Someone by BJ
Mea Culpa by Kathryn84
Missing by NostalgiaKick
Mission of Friendship by Cuidadora
Remembering to Fly by Nostalgiakick
Revealing Time by Millefeuilles
Rules of Family by Folc4evernaday
Slow News Day by MouseRocks
Star Child by Maggie
The Importance of Fathers by Virginia R
Through My Eyes (Superman) by Deadly Chakram
Lana Lang: Thank you, Jerry. Now, the moment we’ve all been waiting for. The winner for Best Short is…Um wait...there’s two? Is that right? (Looks to Val, Val nods and makes a ‘get on with it’ motion. Okay then. Our winners are Rules of Family by Folc4evernaday and Star Child by Maggie!
[Linked Image]
[Linked Image]
Folc4evernaday
**clears throat and wipes tears from eyes** Who would have thought *I'd* be accepting a Kerth for a *short* story, right? Thank you everyone for taking the time to read my work and vote for it. The Rules of Family story was something out of my comfort zone on so many levels and I'm still in awe that it won a Kerth. (Yes, I've never won a Kerth before) I don't do WAFFY. I don't do Short. I don't do holiday fics and this was all three of those things. Thank you everyone!
Congratulations to our winners. Our next category is for …. Where is the envelope?
Ralph: Oh, sorry, here! (waves envelope in the air)
Folc4evernaday Ralph!? What are you doing with the envelope?
Ralph: This is my category!
Jimmy: No, it’s mine.
Ralph: Yours?!
Folc4evernaday(motions to KCOM) A little help here?
Jimmy: Ralph, you always do this!
Ralph: Do what? Back off, Olsen!
Jimmy: Let go!
**Vicki walks up and takes the envelope from Ralph**
Deadly Chakram: I’ll take that!
Ralph: (to Jimmy) See what you did?
Folc4evernaday Just take over before they start again.
Deadly Chakram Once upon a time, a little girl named Goldilocks broke into the home of the three bears. She proceeded to sit in their chairs, eat all their porridge, and sleep in their beds. In each case, she found two of the three to be not what she desired...too hard or too soft, too hot or too cold. But the one that fell right in the middle was just right. She chose the chair and the bed that was neither too hard nor too soft. She ate the porridge that was firmly in the center of being too hot or too cold.
Stories can sometimes be too short or too long, for each of us as an individual reader. Sometimes, when life gets too hectic and we are short on time, we find ourselves seeking out short or even super short fics to fit neatly into those few brief moments we have to ourselves to read. And sometimes, life creates long stretches of time when we can read at our leisure and delve into epic length tales featuring our favorite heroes and villains.
But sometimes, life gives us neither of those options, and we find ourselves looking for that “just right” length of a story to read. That’s where our mid-length stories swoop in to save the day. They allow us to spend a considerable amount of time with our beloved characters in all sorts of situations - WAFFY B-plot tales, alternate dimensions, A-plot driven dramas, side splitting comedies...I could go on. But as much as our mid-length fics give us the time to go in-depth into the worlds they are presenting, they carefully toe the line of our epic category, creating neat and tight stories we can often blitz through at a faster pace.
I hope I can speak for us all when I say that having that option is wonderful. And I am grateful that we have such talented writers who are more than capable of handling such a delicate balance of “just right” - not too short, not too long stories.
This year, our nominees for Best Mid-Length are:
Guy Rule Number One by Folc4evernaday
Last Name (Extended) by Thomas MC
Rules of Battle by Folc4evernaday
Sleeping With the Boss by Folc4evernaday (geez, Val, competing with yourself much?)
The Body For It by Opportunemoment
And Waiting for a Lady by Morgana
It is my honor to announce that the winner for Best Mid-Length is…
(Opens the envelope and frowns.) Uh...this is a new one. It’s blank.
Lois: Blank? What does that mean?
Deadly Chakram I’m not sure. (Looks offstage, Kcom shrugs helplessly.)
Uh, sorry folks. I promise, we WILL get this sorted out. Just a moment of patience, please.
Bobby Bigmouth (From offstage a person emerges) I can help!
Deadly Chakram Bobby Bigmouth?! Are they just letting ANYONE in here these days?
Bobby Bigmouth : Hey! I resent that! Fine, now I won’t help you.
No, wait! I guess I COULD use a good lead right now.
Lois: I hate to admit it it, but Bobby IS the best.
Bobby Bigmouth : (grins) So, we can maybe make a deal?
Deadly Chakram(Sighs) How much is this going to cost us?
Bobby Bigmouth : Just dinner.
Deadly Chakram(Cringes) What is it you want, Bobby?
Bobby Bigmouth : A cup of clam chowder. New England, mind you. A house salad. Balsamic vinaigrette. No cucumbers, they make my mouth itch. Mozzarella sticks. A prime rib sandwich on French bread, extra au jus. Make sure they don’t skimp on the meat. Mashed potatoes and gravy. A side of macaroni salad. Creamed corn and asparagus. A slice of pecan pie. Zeppolis. Gotta have the zeppolis. And a large Coke, no ice. REAL Coke, not that off-brand stuff. Yuck!
Deadly Chakram (Dripping sarcasm as she practically seethes, but pouring on the faux politeness.) Gee, is that ALL, Bobby?
Bobby Bigmouth : Don’t forget the pickle.
Lois: (Mumbling under breath, but the mic picks it up anyway) All that and he never gains weight. I LOOK at a Double Fudge Crunch bar and gain a pound.
Deadly Chakram(Rolls eyes at Lois then shoots a look to the Kcom offstage. They nod.)
(Sighs again and looks at Bobby.) Done.
(She and Bobby shake on it.)
Bobby Bigmouth :(Bobby leans in close and whispers in her ear. Lois leans in too, trying to listen in without being too obvious.)
Deadly Chakram(Eyes wide) Really?
Bobby Bigmouth :(Bobby nods.)
Deadly ChakramOkay then. The winner of the Best Mid-Length is...a three way tie! (Excited) Oooh! I’ve always wanted to do this!
(In her best Oprah voice)
Val, you get a Kerth! (Guy Rule Number One)
Thomas MC, you get a Kerth! (Last Name - Extended)
And Morgana, YOU get a Kerth! (Waiting For A Lady)
Congrats, you three!
[Linked Image]
[Linked Image]
[Linked Image]
Morgana Huh!? I am speechless Thanks for reading this fic. It took five years from start to finish, still it was great fun all the way through. Thanks to my betas! Its great to share this award with Val and Thomas MC
Folc4evernaday It was an awesome crossover! You actually inspired me to rewatch Forever
smile
Morgana Cool show.
Folc4evernaday Thank you everyone for reading Guy Rule Number One. This was inspired by a challenge that had been on the boards for ages...Everyone thought it was a great idea but no one ever delivered. A long long long conversation and bantering with Feli and Vicki and then Guy Rule Number One was born along with the Rules Series. Thank you to everyone that voted, read, feedbacked, commented, bookmarked it. It really means a lot to me. Thank you!
Nostalgiakick I’m starting to sense a theme here. Plenty of ties for every category. And not one of them as hideous as Clark’s ties. (grins) You just never know where they’ll pop up, right, guys? (looks around) Where’d they go? Oh well I guess I have to present this one by myself….Epic? Boy, isn’t that ironic. (looks for Tempus) Phew! Looks like I’m safe this year. So, everyone enjoys a long fic with plenty of romance and drama and intrigue. The plots intertwined in just the right way. This year’s nominees are no exception. The nominees for best epic are:
Embracing the Darkness by Deadly Chakram
Ghost From the Past by Folc4evernaday
Nothing is Impossible by BJ
State’s Evidence by Terry Leatherwood
Strangers in a Strange Land by L
And the winner is...
Oh geez! Another tie! Ghost From the Past by Folc4evernaday and Embracing the Darkness by Deadly Chakram!
[Linked Image]
[Linked Image]
Folc4evernaday
**stumbles back on stage**
**wipes tears from eyes**
Deadly Chakram *hands Val a tissue*
Folc4evernaday Sorry this one was an emotional one for me. If you read Ghost From the Past you'll know why it was a very personal story and the struggle of dealing with the ultimate loss of a child amidst the chaos in Lois and Clark's lives. It's not an easy topic to write about and I imagine it's not an easy topic to read about so thank you for everyone that read it, commented, and voted for Ghost from the Past. It means so much to me. Thank you!
Deadly Chakram Thank you, everyone. Val, it’s nice to share this category with you. Your wins have been a long time in coming. Wow, this story…I’ve spent almost a year living in Gotham and Metropolis with this series. It started out simply enough – the idea that it could be fun if Clark was the original Nightwing. One story grew to two (Stepping Into The Light) and that swiftly ballooned to three (A New Dawn). I’ve never deliberately done a continuing series before, so that was new. And fun. SO much fun.
This series was based on a concept that, quite frankly, I wasn’t sure people would enjoy. After all, it takes our dear Clark WAY off canon and doesn’t even feature Lois in a cameo role. So, to see it nominated was a thrill in and of itself. Having you vote it as a winner…it’s pretty awesome. Thank you, everyone. And I do hope you enjoy the other two stories in the series.

Folc4evernaday: Our next presenter is Cuidadora for Best Tearjerker
Cuidadora This year the Best Tearjerker nominees have pulled at our heartstrings by placing Lois and Clark in a variety of gut-wrenching situations in addition to battling the villains. The stories range from short stories to epics. And the talented authors have outdone themselves in portraying pain, either in a few words or keeping it tense for multiple scenes.
Folc4evernaday wrote four of the nominated stories. In “Collateral Damage,” Lois and Clark face a high-risk pregnancy. In “Epiphany,” a remake of the Season 1 Finale, Clark has to deal with multiple people, both good and bad, knowing his identity and the significance of kryptonite. In “Ghost From the Past,” both Lois and Clark discover they each have been keeping secrets from the other while dealing with Clark’s amnesia which was a consequence of Trask capturing him five years before. All while Clark has to confront his fear of exposure and save the world from Nightfall. And in “My Own Worst Enemy,” the conclusion to the Ghost From the Past Series, Clark and Jimmy both confront the enemy within after exposures to a new form of kryptonite. In both of these stories Lois and Clark not only fight the bad guys, but they struggle to figure out who is a villain and who isn’t.
Lynn S.M. in “Hitting Close to Home” has Lois and Clark face the painful situation of the best way to care for their autistic-adolescent-mixed-heritage son with rages and emotions he can neither control nor understand. In a child who cannot be medicated to control his rages, they have to seek another solution for everyone’s safety
In “Mea Culpa” by Kathryn84, Lois has to deal with the consequences of being brainwashed to kill the one she loves most by the villainous team of Lex Luthor and Max Deter.
BJ takes us to the alternate universe in “Nothing Is Impossible.” Alternate Lois and Clark have to deal with their secrets and conflicting emotions while placing their own lives in danger to expose a serial killer.
In “Pocket Full of Kryptonite” by Mouserocks, a grieving Clark and his children are exposed to kryptonite while figuring out how to cope with a disturbed, grief-stricken Jimmy.
All of these stories are Kerth-worthy, and some of the plots were inspired by real life events for a few of the authors. Kudos to all of you for sharing your pain in such a way to help both yourselves and your readers.
I’m delighted to present the Kerth for Best Tearjerker to Folc4evernaday for Ghost From the Past! Congratulations, Val!!
[Linked Image]
Folc4evernaday **wipes tears from eyes**
Wow… Ghost From the Past was an emotional story to say the least. It tore at my heartstrings as I wrote it and I spent many hours crying at the computer as I tried to put into the words the heartache that weighed on my heart in the lives of Lois and Clark. It took me five years to finally finish this story and I feel it is a great honor to my son, Jamie whom I dedicate this story to. Thank you everyone!
Our next category will be presented by Morgana for Best Kiss...**offers microphone**
Morgana Thanks As the song goes: A kiss is just a kiss a sigh is just a sigh. Who doesn’t love to read about a delectable good smack on the lips? How many times have we eagerly awaited the moment when our favorite reporting duo finally comes together? Sometimes it makes us sigh in happiness or let out a breath in downright relief! Here are this year’s nominees for best kiss.
A Town Called Smallville - Panic in the Sky by Dandello
Changing the Game (rewrite) by Nostalgiakick
Guy Rule Number One by Folc4evernaday
Ghost From the Past by Folc4evernaday
Last Name (Extended) by Thomas MC
Nothing is Impossible by BJ
Revealing Time by Millefeuilles
Rules of Family by Folc4evernaday
Rules of Trust by Folc4evernaday
Slow News Day by MouseRocks
State’s Evidence by Terry Leatherwood
The Body For It by Opportunemoment
And the winner is ...
Mayson: Me!
Morgana What?
Mayson: First I’d like to thank all the …(reaches for the Kerth)
Morgana Hey! Back off, Mayson!
Mayson: But…(reads winner not loud enough to be picked up by the mic) What? This can’t be right! I’m not even in this story!
Morgana Some people always have to be the center of attention.... The winner for Best kiss is … Slow News Day by Mouserocks!
[Linked Image]
Folc4evernaday Unfortunately Mouse couldn't stick around but we'll be sure she gets her award. Up next, Vicki presenting for Best Relationship
Deadly Chakram (Comes on stage, all decked out in a tasteful, but sexy red dress. Scattering red and pink rose petals, tossing them into the air as she approaches the mic. Heart shaped balloons float in from off stage. A lovely, romantic tune plays slowly as she crosses to center stage and cuts off once she begins to speak.)
Ah, love! Don’t you just LOVE love?
Lois: (barging in from offstage, yelling….errr….talking loudly and passionately.) I’m telling you, Luce! The guy is a grade A loser and you’re gonna regret giving him the time of day!
Lucy:(Just as angry and loud) Oh give it UP, Lois! You know nothing about him!
Lois: I do so! I ran a background check on him!
Lucy: You really aren’t content to let me live my own life, are you?
Lois: (softer) I know what I’m talking about, Lucy. Take it from me. I might not be the best person to give relationship advice but…
Lucy: (cutting her off, voice scathing) No, you aren’t! How many people had to tell you NOT to get involved with Lex Luthor?
Deadly Chakram
Lex: (from the audience, offended) Hey!
Lucy: (ignoring him) How many more of us told you that Clark was a great guy? And for how long did you fight us?
Lois: Oh, you WOULD throw all that in my face!
Deadly Chakram Ladies, please! Enough is enough! Both of you, please, just let it go already.
Lucy:I might, if she ever lets me live my own life. Make my own mistakes. Like she did.
Corben: (Johnny Corben strides pompously on stage) Lucy! Babe! Long time, no see!
Lois: (Looking smugly at Lucy) Oh, look! Here comes one of your biggest mistakes now.
Lucy:He wasn’t ALL bad! (mutters but mic picks it up) At least, not at first.
Lois: (rolls her eyes) Right. (sarcastic tone) All criminals have such soft and tender sides to them.
Corben: (Arms flung wide open) Come here, babe. Give me a kiss, would ya?
Deadly Chakram (exasperated) Oh for the love of God!
Corben: No, not God, but I’m damn close!
Deadly Chakram That’s not what I...you know what? Everyone, get off the stage right now! (Makes a shooing motion) Go! Back to your seats.
Lois: But who’s going to help you present the best relationship?
Lucy:I told you before you shouldn’t be presenting best relationship. You suck at relationships, Lois.
Lois: Oh, and YOU’RE any better?!
Deadly Chakram Stop it! The plan has changed. I can present this category just fine by myself.
Lois: (in a loud whisper the mic picks up) See what you did, Luce?
Lucy: ME???
Deadly Chakram (glares at them all) Just go.

(They all sigh and wither under her “Mom is angry” gaze. One by one, they all file off backstage.)
Now, where was I? Oh yes. Relationships. Love. Isn’t it just grand? We adore watching our favorite couples finally, finally, FINALLY get to be together. I’m looking at you, horrible ARGH show writers. Ahem. (Clears throat.) We cheer them on as they agree to a first date, share a first kiss, admit their developing feelings toward one another.
That doesn’t mean all relationships are smooth sailing. More often than not, especially in our fandom, relationships are more along the lines of a road riddled with potholes. One of the biggest obstacles, of course, being the famous “triangle built for two” that Lois, Clark, and Superman all share. And that’s just the tip of the iceberg! In canon, we also have outside forces like Lex Luthor, Mayson Drake, Dan Scardino and even Zara contributing to the turbulent rollercoaster that Lois and Clark typically find themselves on.
And that’s just the romantic side of the “relationship” blanket. We all know that every person on this planet has relationships with all kinds of people, and not necessarily in a romantic way. Parent and child. Reporter and skittish source. Superman and the person he just saved. Best friends. Old rivals. Siblings - as so helpfully demonstrated by Lois and Lucy. (sighs) Each of us is connected with many, many other people - and not always in a good way.
In the FoLCdom, however, much of our time spent in reading about relationships centers around Lois and Clark. They may live in alternate dimensions or have different names. They may get together with ease or only after trials of Herculean proportions. It doesn’t matter, so long as those two soulmates wind up with their happily ever after...or at least the promise of it.
This year, we had several nominees in the Best Relationship category. They are:
Blooming Time by Millefeuilles
Changing the Game (rewrite) by Nostalgiakick
Epiphany by Folc4evernaday
Ghost From the Past by Folc4evernaday
Guy Rule Number One by Folc4evernaday
Mission of Friendship by Cuidadora
Nothing is Impossible by BJ
Overwhelmed by Nostalgiakick
Remembering to Fly by Nostalgiakick
State’s Evidence by Terry Leatherwood
The Ring by Nostalgiakick
And Whine No More by Folc4evernaday
(stops and takes a deep breath)
Geez, we sure do love our relationships in this fandom!
And the winner is….
Mission of Friendship by Cuidadora!!!!
Congratulations on a well-deserved win!
[Linked Image]
Cuidadora Thank you everyone for reading and voting for my story. Mary Frances has a special place in my heart, and in some ways she is inspired by my real-life experiences. Although I'm not a nun. She has many parallels with Clark and was born in response to VirginaR and Groobie's Canterbury Tales of Metropolis Challenge.
And the warm welcome of all FoLCs to her keeps bringing her back. She also wants to say thanks. She's whispering in my ear that she has another story idea...
so I'd better listen! Thank you so much!
Folc4evernaday Congratulations Cuidadora...Speaking of story ideas. You're up as our next presenter for Best Revelation
Cuidadora This is one of my favorite categories. It’s wonderful to see how many different ways authors come up with for the big reveal. But you know, the revelation doesn’t have to be Clark’s secret. It can be another secret, or even more than one. This year there are eighteen stories nominated for best revelation. Not only are the situations varied, but also what is revealed. And some stories have more than one revelation. They also vary in length, from short-short to epics.
Ellen Lane: Oh, sorry I’m late but I’m here. I’m so excited to finally hear what this big secret is.
Cuidadora No, no, no, that’s not what I meant. I mean, uh…
Ellen Lane: You just have no idea how it feels to be the last to know everything. Finally I get to know something before someone else!
Lois: **stage whispers** Mother, you’re in the wrong ceremony!
Ellen Lane: But I’m going to learn a big secret…
Lois: These are the Kerths for fiction. You have to read the stories to learn the secrets.
Ellen Lane: Oh.
Lois: Come on. They’re about to present the Kerth for Investigative Reporting next door. You don’t want Clark to accept without me, do you?
Ellen Lane: Of course not.
Lois: **Lois mouths “I’m sorry” over Ellen’s shoulder as she leads her off stage**
Cuidadora **grins** Great. Well, as I was saying… The nominated stories are:
“A Town Called Smallville” by Dandello
“Agoraphobia” by Mouserocks
“Brainstorming” by Framework
“Embracing the Darkness” by Deadly Chakram
“Epiphany” by Folc4evernaday
“Ghost From the Past” by Folc4evernaday
“Missing” by NostalgiaKick
“Nothing is Impossible” by BJ
“Overwhelmed” by Nostalgiakick
“Pocket Full of Kryptonite” by Mouserocks
“Remembering to Fly” by Nostalgiakick
“Revealing Time” by Millefeuilles
“Rules of Trust” by Folc4evernaday
“State’s Evidence” by Terry Leatherwood
“The Body For It” by Opportunemoment
“Virtually Revealed: Jimmy’s Story” by Folc4evernaday
“Waiting for a Lady” by Morgana
“Whine No More” by Folc4evernaday
And the winner of the Best Revelation is Embracing the Darkness by Deadly Chakram!
Congratulations!
[Linked Image]
Deadly Chakram Thank you, everyone! I’m so pleased Embracing The Darkness entertained you. I’ll admit, I laughed to myself when I was writing the dual revelation – Bruce learning of Clark’s powers, and Clark revealing that he knows that Bruce likes to dress up in a bat costume. It’s just a fun moment, in an otherwise fairly bleak tale. So, thank you, dear readers, for not being turned off by the darkness and giving my story a chance.

Clark: I’m sure she didn’t mean it.
Lois: She described me as ‘challenging’ I’m not sure you can misinterpret that.
Clark: Sometimes that’s a good thing.
Lois: What do you mean?
Clark: Challenges aren’t always bad. Look at the next category.
Lois: I suppose you’re right. We did go on a lot of fun adventures with all those challenges.
Clark: Yeah, how many challenges can get issued in a year. It’s too bad the culprit to many of those challenges couldn’t make it.
Lois: She’s not nearly as bad as Queen of Capes.
Clark: (laughs) I guess you’re right.
Lois: I’m always right. Now, speaking of challenges...
Folc4evernaday
**speech written by Mouse**
Inspiration can come from the oddest of places, and strikes at the oddest of times. Maybe it's two am and you can't sleep, maybe you're bored in a class, or scribbling down some thoughts while rewatching an episode of your favorite show... But when the muses don't cooperate, and the words disappear, there's always one other place you can go to get a quick hit of inspiration.
/turns around and reveals a box on the stage and opens the lid/
/hoards of fluffy bunnies come hopping out/
Oh, god! Oh, they're going everywhere! This was going to go so much better in my head... Whew, and they smell so bad! Um, would everybody mind grabbing a plot bunny or two?
/Clark swoops in and starts handing out bunnies randomly/
Thank you-- oh, gross! That one's pooping! Ew! Stop that rabbit! /mutters darkly/ And here I thought this would be safer than handing out two-by-fours... Okay. So, to beat this metaphor to death and move on, errant plot bunnies live on a nice little farm called the Fanfic Challenge Boards, where friendly folcs leave little rabbits to be adopted by other authors. Some of the best stories end up coming out of these challenges, be they short and sweet or long and winding. Here are the nominees for Best Challenge Response.
A Plot Thwarted by Annie B
A Super Meeting by Deadly Chakram
A Town Called Smallville by Dandello
Being More Discreet by MrsMxyzptlk
Guy Rule Number One by Folc4evernaday
Strange Visit by Queen of the Capes
The Very Bad No Good Day by Folc4evernaday
Through My Eyes (Jack Olsen) by Deadly Chakram
Through My Eyes (Jor-El) by Deadly Chakram
Through My Eyes (Perry White) by Deadly Chakram
Through My Eyes (Sam Lane) by Deadly Chakram
Through My Eyes (Superman) by Deadly Chakram
Virtually Revealed: Jimmy’s Story by Folc4evernaday
And the winner for Best Challenge Response is....
Strange Visit by Queen of Capes! Congratulations, Queenie!
[Linked Image]
Deadly Chakram So, it looks like Queenie isn't here at the moment, so we'll hold on to her award for her.
Darth Vader. Sauron. The Nazis. The Joker. Lex Luthor. King Joffery. Zombie hordes.
Every great story needs a villain. Every hero needs someone to fight against. Every bit of lightness must be counter-balanced with darkness.
Lex: Someone called for me?
Deadly Chakram No, Lex. What are you doing up on stage? You’re supposed to be seated in the audience.
Lex: There was some mistake. My seat was in the rear of the auditorium. I distinctly remember requesting a seat up front. It should be mine by right.
Deadly Chakram Why would you think that?
Lex: (grinning, spreading his hands to gesture to his entire self) Look at me. I’m everyone’s favorite villain after all.
Deadly Chakram While that may be true, it certainly doesn’t entitle you to…
Tempus: (storming on stage) EXCUSE ME?
Deadly Chakram (wide eyed) Tempus?
Tempus: No, I’m Richard Nixon. Of COURSE it’s me.
Deadly Chakram (groans) Oh, perfect. Dare I even ask? Why are you here? I don’t remember the K-Comm inviting you to this ceremony. Not after last year’s hijinks. Actually, I think we specifically told you not to come.
Tempus: Oh, I went back in time and changed things. (gesturing vaguely) You’ll thank me later I’m sure.
Deadly Chakram (muttering) I doubt that.
Tempus: Oh really? And after I did you a favor tonight.
Deadly Chakram A...favor? (skeptical) What might that be?
Tempus: I tossed that Prankster fellow into another dimension so he can’t interfere with the ceremony.
Deadly Chakram Um...wow, that actually WAS nice of you.
Tempus: Bah, I didn’t do it to be NICE. The guy might be fun, but he’s got no real STYLE. Anyway, what’s all this about HIM (pointing accusingly at Lex) being everyone’s favorite bad guy?
Deadly Chakram I didn’t say that…
Tempus: You agreed with him.
Deadly Chakram I was merely being diplomatic.
Tempus: (scowling)
Deadly Chakram
Anyway, like I was saying. A story just isn’t a story without the hero having a foe to strive against. It isn’t impossible – we see villainless plots all the time in the FoLCdom. But for the A-plot driven stories, villains are an absolute necessity.
But villains are more than just evil people hellbent on destroying all that’s good and wholesome in the hero’s world.
Tempus: Where’s the fun in not being evil?
Lex: I hate to agree with him but…I feel compelled to agree.
Deadly Chakram (death stare at the two villains) I was getting to that!
Lex: So testy.
Deadly Chakram Would you two cut it out? Where is Superman when you need him? (shades eyes, looks out into audience)
Tempus: Temper, temper.
Lex: Oh, we don’t need him.
Tempus: Over grown boyscout.
Deadly Chakram
Cut it out both of you!
Lex: She’s sensitive, isn’t she?
Tempus: Very.
Deadly Chakram (through gritted teeth) If you interrupt me one more time… (death stare at Lex and Tempus and they step back) Okay, back to what I was TRYING to say.
Villains are more than just obstacles for the hero to overcome. They can sometimes elicit sympathy, even as they make the reader hate them. They can make us realize things about our own selves. And, when writing, sometimes they can be the most fun characters to work with.
Lex: Of course we are!
Deadly Chakram
(Nodding) It’s true. Villains are interesting! And a good part of why that is is simply because they can be anyone. The charismatic billionaire. (Gestures toward Lex) The bitingly sarcastic time traveler. (Gestures toward Tempus) The head of a crime syndicate. Even a best friend can sometimes turn on the hero. And, once in a while, the hero can discover that he – or she – is their own worst enemy, in a lot of different ways.
It is my pleasure (as a pretty evil author myself) to present to you the nominees in the Best Villain category.
A Plot Thwarted, by Annie B.
Epiphany by Folc4evernaday
Ghost From The Past by Folc4evernaday
Mea Culpa by Kathryn84
My Own Worst Enemy by Folc4evernaday
Nothing Is Impossible by BJ
Pocket Full Of Kryptonite by Mouserocks
Relative History by CLeuch
And, last but certainly not least, State’s Evidence by Terry Leatherwood
Tempus:(Tempus walks across the stage, extending the envelope.)
Deadly Chakram
Oh, uh, thanks, Tempus.
Nostalgiakick
Tempus: (Looks at Lex) See? I told you I’m the favorite.
Lex: I beg to differ.
Deadly Chakram Boys? Take it outside. (Vicki breaks the seal on the envelope.) And the winner is….Val with My Own Worst Enemy! Congrats, Val!
[Linked Image]
Folc4evernaday
**stands up straight and clears throat, taking mic from Vicki**
Thank you everyone. **takes a deep breath** I honestly never thought I'd win a Kerth. I came pretty close many times but never quite got there. This story was a lot of fun. I took a very unusual twist in my conclusion and had fun with my villains, Lex, Intergang, Nigel, and even Clark and Jimmy themselves became villains as they fought themselves. Thank you to everyone that read this story, commented and voted for it. Thank you!
Normally I’d be saying congratulations to our winner but yeah this is weird. So what’s a good story without great characters, right? Here to announce our best original / supporting character is Carrie.

**Jeopardy Tune plays in the background as the sound of Jimmy and Ralph bickering can be heard in muffled confusion in the background**
CarrieRene What would How I Met Your Mother be without Barney? What about Cheers without Norm?
What would M.A.S.H. be like without Corporal Klinger? Where would Friends be without Joey? What if Will & Grace did not have Karen and Jack around for support?
Many of these shows have supporting characters that lend a hand to their main cast. It is what gives the laughs, props up the main characters, and sometimes talks some sense into them.
This year we have many nominations for Best Original/Supporting Character. Some are new characters to the Lois and Clark universe while others are ones we already know and love.
Here are the nominees for Best Original/Supporting Character
A Plot Thwarted by Annie B
A Super Meeting by Deadly Chakram
Embracing the Darkness by Deadly Chakram
Epiphany by Folc4evernaday
Ghost From the Past by Folc4evernaday
Guy Rule Number One by Folc4evernaday
Hitting Close to Home by Lynn S.M.
Just Save Someone by BJ
Last Name (Extended) by Thomas MC
Mission of Friendship by Cuidadora
Nothing is Impossible by BJ
Pocket Full of Kryptonite by Mouserocks
Relative History Miles by CLeuch
Star Child by Maggie
State’s Evidence by Terry Leatherwood
Strangers in a Strange Land by L
Superman and the Shadow - Matchmaker Chronicles Volume 0.5 by KenJ
The Importance of Fathers by Virginia R
The Ring by Nostalgiakick
Virtually Revealed: Jimmy’s Story by Folc4evernaday
Waiting for a Lady by Morgana
Whine No More by Folc4evernaday
And the award for Best Original/Supporting Character goes to.... Deadly Chakram for her story Embracing The Darkness. Congratulations, Deadly Chakram.
[Linked Image]
Deadly Chakram*steps up to mic, clears throat*
Thank you, one and all, for your votes. I’m so glad you enjoyed the characters I presented in this story – be it a new spin on Bruce Wayne or the tough, but gentle Grandma Tildy…or even a young version of Chen, whom I stole from canon. Thank you, for giving Embracing a chance, and for your votes. I know you all have busy lives, so reading an epic length story (one of a series of three to boot!) means the world to me. I had a great time creating these characters for you and it makes my heart smile to know that you enjoyed them.
Folc4evernaday Congratulations, Vicki! It’s well deserved.
Deadly Chakram Thanks, Val.
Lois: Yes, congratulations, Vicki.
Lois2: Hey, I was going to say that.
Lois3: Who are you?
Folc4evernaday Okay, what is going on here?
Lois: Yes, WHAT is going on here?
Lois2: I’m presenting Best Alternate Universe…
Lois3: I’m presenting Best Elsewhere…
Lois: No, I’m presenting Best Next Generation
Folc4evernaday Ohhh, I see what happened here. We, uh, combined the categories.
All Lois’: What?
Folc4evernaday We thought it was a good idea at the time.
Herb: Terribly sorry. We seem to have accidentally swapped your Mouse with one from a different universe. Here, you can have her back, she's depressing a lot of people on Earth 2...
Folc4evernaday Whew. Alternate Universes are weird, am I right? Whether it's another Earth, a parallel timeline, an alternate future or a completely sideways story involving the characters we know and love, you just never can tell where things might end up. It's a fun way to break a bunch of rules and keep your audience on their toes.
Lex: /Lex pops his head up/ Breaking rules, eh? I might like this category.
Lois: /Lois elbows him in the ribs/ Get in line, pal. Besides, she said breaking rules, not breaking laws.
Folc4evernaday Guys! Not yet, okay? /grumbles/ always with the jumping in without checking the water level... Let's just get right to it, all right? Here are the nominees for Best Alternate Universe/Elseworlds/Next Gen story.
Embracing the Darkness by Deadly Chakram
Ghost From the Past by Folc4evernaday
Last Name (Extended) by Thomas MC
Nothing is Impossible by BJ
Relative History by CLeuch
State’s Evidence by Terry Leatherwood
Strangers in a Strange Land by L
And the winner is...
All Lois’: Vicki! For Embracing the Darkness!
[Linked Image]
Deadly Chakram Wow, I’m truly stunned by the response to this story. When I wrote it…I wasn’t even sure people would read it, let alone vote it through nominations. I had no idea you would enjoy it enough to give it awards. But, I’m so happy that you did read it and, apparently, enjoy it. AUs/Elsewheres are always a joy for me to craft, because they wipe the slate clean and I can take the characters anywhere and do anything I want with them. Like make them a different famous superhero before they become an even more famous superhero. It may be a weird ride, and one we aren’t used to, but it’s always exciting to see where the story takes us al. Thanks for coming along for the ride, everyone.

Folc4evernaday Congrats Vicki! Unfortunately, Mouse wasn't able to stick around for the whole ceremony so presenting Best Series is Vicki
Deadly Chakram /approaches microphone and holds hands up in front of her/ No more bunnies, I promise. They've all been taken care of.
PETA: Monster!
Deadly Chakram No, no, no!! Not like that! They've all gone to nice homes, I swear! No plot bunnies were harmed in the making of this show--
Lois:(to Clark) I smell a cover up.
Deadly Chakram No, there's no coverup! Come on, guys, this was so last presentation! Let's forget about the bunnies-- what, you think I made a whole series of presentations involving bunnies? /waits for connection/
*crickets*
Fine. Comedy's hard, folcs. But you know what's harder? Writing a series of stories that connect together. These next nominees did just that. Whether that's taking a prompt and running with it, or exploring a series of character's feelings introspectively, or even just catching little interludes into our favorite duo's lives. These authors created consistent worlds where we got to dive back in time and time again. Here are the nominees for Best Series.
Rules Series by Folc4evernaday
Ghost From the Past Series by Folc4evernaday
Overwhelmed Series by NostalgiaKick
Blooming Time Series by Millefeuilles
Through My Eyes Series by Deadly Chakram
Caught in the Act Series by CarrieRene
A Town Called Smallville Series by Dandello
And the winner is... Lois and Clark: The New Adventures of Superman! /grins evilly/
Just kidding! No tomato throwing please! Even though it is the best series.... The winner is the Rules Series, by Folc4evernaday! Congrats Val!
[Linked Image]
Folc4evernaday **grins** You know after writing a speech like that I'm surprised we didn't have more Comedy from Mouse! Let's give Mouse a hand for the light chuckles and Vicki for presenting tonight.
Okay, so speech? This became a bit of a monster on it's own. It started with a challenge and then the plot bunnies came and thus Rules Series was born. I'm so glad it's been well received by readers.
(Hint Hint the latest fic in the series got posted this week so if you're behind you can catch up) It's been a great ride and I'm glad everyone's enjoyed the exploration into Lois and Clark's relationship. All beginning with a little challenge of Guy Rule Number One. Thanks to everyone that voted and read!
Getting into character’s heads is a hard job for any writer. It can be even harder when the story is written completely from one character’s point of view and giving the reader an introspective view inside the character’s thoughts and emotions. Some of these stories are long and others are just a few words. Each one packs a punch, emotionally tugging on the reader’s heartstrings in just the right way. There were eighteen eligible introspective fics this year. The voting was close and nominations brought us to a very large tie that was unable to be broken. Thankfully you guys could only choose one winner for Best Introspective.
The Nominees for Best Introspective are:
Agoraphobia by MouseRocks
Blooming Time by Millefeuilles
Family by Nostalgiakick
Fresh Eyes by Nostalgiakick
In His Arms by Cuidadora
Mercy by Nostalgiakick
Protecting Lois by Nostalgiakick
The Ring by Nostalgiakick
Through My Eyes (Jack Olsen) by Deadly Chakram
Through My Eyes (Jor-El) by Deadly Chakram
Through My Eyes (Perry White) by Deadly Chakram
Through My Eyes (Sam Lane) by Deadly Chakram
Through My Eyes (Superman) by Deadly Chakram
Tired by Nostalgiakick
What Next? by Nostalgiakick
Waiting for a Lady by Morgana
And the winner for Best Introspective is…
Blooming Time by Millefeuilles!!
[Linked Image]
Millefeuilles Oh my! I’m afraid I haven’t really prepared a speech for this Kerth. I figured one was the best I could win… I don't know what to say but “MERCI”.
Folc4evernaday Congratulations Mille! it's a well deserved win! Presenting our next two categories is Morgana
Morgana **Steps up to the mic and checks to make sure Ralph is no where to be found.**
From time to time stories give us a gentle smile while others a downright belly laugh! Take for example in Heat Vision it is no longer newsworthy to be caught by a man with powerful eyes! Who would have thought Clark would ever be dying to fit in? What about the amazing stories by Millefeuilles? My personal favorite is …Ooops! No can say little buckaroos, that’s cheating! Anywho, here are the nominees for Best Waffy!
Agoraphobia by MouseRocks
Being More Discreet by MrsMxyzptlk
Blooming Time by Millefeuilles
Dying to Fit In by Deadly Chakram
Heat Vision by Framework
Mission of Friendship by Cuidadora
Protecting Lois by Nostalgiakick
Remembering to Fly by Nostalgiakick
Revealing Time by Millefeuilles
Rules of Family by Folc4evernaday
Slow News Day by MouseRocks
Star Child by Maggie
The Importance of Fathers by Virginia R
The Ring by Nostalgiakick
Virtually Revealed: Jimmy’s Story by Folc4evernaday
The story that made us chuckle the most! Rules of Family by FoLc4evernaday
Come on down Val!
**Steps back from the mic**
[Linked Image]
Folc4evernaday **stumbles to her feet and climbs up the stairs**
I feel like I said this before but seriously? Did you ever think you'd see me writing, let along winning a Kerth for Best WAFFY?
I'm touched that this story was so well received. It was so out of my comfort zone. I do angst and drama well. Writing a story that was entirely B-Plot driven was a challenge and I'm happy to say I was able to step up to the plate and knock it out of the park. I hope to bring many more WAFFY fics to you this next year. Thanks to everyone that read, commented, bookmarked and voted. It means a lot to me! Thank you!
Presenting our next category for Best Character Development is Morgana
Morgana Thanks Val!
Getting inside a character’s mind and motivations add depth and texture to a narrative. Whether that development takes place in an alternative universe or is firmly entrenched in canon, it is always fascinating to watch as the writer takes the reader through the creation and growth of a new or original character.
The nominees are:
Embracing the Darkness by Deadly Chakram
Ghost From the Past by Folc4evernaday
Mission of Friendship by Cuidadora
Nothing is Impossible by BJ
State’s Evidence by Terry Leatherwood
Through My Eyes (Jor-El) by Deadly Chakram
Virtually Revealed: Jimmy’s Story by Folc4evernaday
Murray Brown:That’s right folks it takes character to make it in this business.
Morgana *blinks* Who are you?
Murray Brown: What? You don’t recognize the best agent in Metropolis when you see him?
Morgana Oh, right. (light chuckle) Um, what are you doing here, Mr…(searches for a name but can’t remember)
Murray Brown: Brown. Murray Brown! The big guy calls me Murray you know.
Morgana Big guy?
Murray Brown: The big guy! Superman! Who did you think I was talking about?
Morgana I honestly don’t know. Is there a reason you’re here?
Murray Brown: What better way to announce the winner of best character development than have an expert weigh in with the results. (waves envelope in hand) I’ve got the winner right here.
Morgana Great! (reaches for envelope)
Murray Brown: (tears envelope) Why don’t we do this one together since it’s a new one? (reads envelope) This one isn’t a surprise at all.
Morgana No, it sure isn’t. The winner for Best Character Development is... State’s Evidence
by Terry Leatherwood
[Linked Image]
Folc4evernaday
Congratulations to Terry for an awesome win!
Unfortunately he wasn't able to make it tonight so we'll hold onto his award for him.

Jimmy: Uh, thank you. Thank you very much. (clears throat as he adjusts his Elvis costume) Rock...rock...around the clock. (rocks his hips in his costume) Man, the Chief isn’t going to know what hit him.
Nostalgiakick Jimmy?!
Jimmy:Shhh…
Nostalgiakick What ARE you doing?!
Perry: (storms on stage) I think there must be some mistake. How did I get stuck presenting Best Comedy?
Jimmy: Chie---Perry, I’m sure they had their, uh, reasons.
Perry: (looks Elvis costume up and down) Jimmy, get out of that costume. You look ridiculous.
Jimmy: How did you know it was me?
Perry: I can smell the Amidol on you. Besides (snort) I can spot an Elvis Impersonator a mile away.
Jimmy: Oh, come on, Chief, I was just trying to have a little fun.
Perry: Jimmy, don’t disrespect the king like that. Now, about these nominees.
Nostalgiakick Yes, (eyes widen as Jimmy changes into a costume with yellow spandex and a red cape) What are you doing NOW?!
Jimmy: No need to fear. Comedy Man is here.
Perry: Oh brother.
Nostalgiakick No.
Jimmy:What?
Nostalgiakick Absolutely not. This was not in the agreement. Just go. I’ll present it myself
Jimmy: But…
Nostalgiakick (takes envelope) Sorry about that folks.(reads envelope and laughs) Of course I would end up with a speech written by Darth Michael.
**Darth Michael mask appears**

Hey! Cool! /looks oddly at red nose on face and squeezes it , turns around, and plucks red nose off face/ Hi everyone! It’s me, not Superman, just in case the clown nose fooled you.

What? No, I’m quite aware this is the Best Comedy section, not the one with all the revelations. Hence the clown nose instead of a pair of glasses.

Anyhow, as I was saying, we’re now at the point where we will be handing out a special award to the FoLC who gave us the best laugh during the last year. And there’s a lot of ways to make other FoLCs laugh. I mean, you could kidnap Lois and have her vacuum your house, naked. Or what about exposing Clark to Kryptonite?
/picks up ringing phone/

Hmm… I’ve got to take this. Yes? What? No, Mr. Doe, I do not believe Lois would think that one would be funny.

/puts phone away again/

Sorry for that. But you know how it is, you always have to pick up the phone when the President calls. And he’s such a darn nice guy, too! Suggesting that Lois might find it funny if she were not only blind, but deaf, too. So helpful of him.

Where was I?
/checks notes/

Ah yes, we were talking about how the only thing funnier than Lois stumbling onto a naked Clark is Clark stumbling onto a naked Lois. And no, that’s not a theme, that’s just some of the plot points in this year’s nominations. Hey, at least I didn’t compare it to the time Clark got flashed by an entire retirement home.

/turns around to MC/

Huh? Okay, fine…

/turns back/

Apparently, we have to keep this show PG rated, so I probably shouldn’t mention all the singing that was going on. Clark’s singing, that is. Not PG rated. Anywhere. He even scared the vermin out of his apartment that one time. And can you imagine if he ever chose to couple his singing voice with super ventriloquism? He could probably put all the exterminators in Metropolis out of business.
/checks watch/

My, have I been talking this long already? I guess so. Okay, now the part we’ve all been waiting for, this year’s nominees for the funniest muse in town are…
500 Miles by CarrieRene
A Plot Thwarted by Annie B
A Super Meeting by Deadly Chakram
Caught in the Act by CarrieRene
Dying to Fit In by Deadly Chakram
Heat Vision by Framework
It Can’t Be Unseen by Deadly Chakram
Rules of Engagement by Framework
Strange Visit by Queen of the Capes
The Least Useful Superpower by MrsMxyzptlk
The Very Bad No Good Day by Folc4evernaday
/pats pockets/

It was just here. Where is it? Hey, you didn’t see Ralph sneak up on me again, did you?

/pats some more/

Ah, there it is. No need to worry. I only have the one envelope. And never was given the second one. Like what happened last year at that movie awards show. That was so embarrassing, wasn’t it?

/slips open envelope/

And the winner is…
It Can’t Be Unseen by Deadly Chakram and Strange Visit by Queen of the Capes!
[Linked Image]
[Linked Image]
Congratulations!

/moves to the side to make room for a funny acceptance speech/

Deadly Chakram *steps to mic* Queenie, we'll get this to you safe and sound, I promise!
In the meantime… Thank you, everyone! I have to admit, it feels a bit strange to win for comedy. While I’m not exactly a stranger to the category, my muse tends to stray more toward drama. For a while, I was even afraid to venture in the general direction of comedy, until a few short years ago. In any case, I’m overjoyed that this weird little tale (with a hopefully unforeseen punchline) tickled your funny bones. Thank you so, so much! I hope I am inspired to keep you laughing in the future.
Nostalgiakick **Darth Michael mask disappears off Feli**
That was so weird! Congratulations to our winners. Please welcome our next presenter…
Deadly Chakram I don’t care how much money you give me I’m not going to rewrite the clone arc for you to get Lois.
Lex: Oh, come on! Please?
Deadly Chakram No!
Superman: Is there a problem here?
Deadly Chakram **Vicki walks up to mic and a blue and white flash fills the room. **
Vicki: Hey, what is going on?
Tempus: You’re welcome! /pats pocket where a silver device is in his left breast pocket/
Deadly Chakram Oh, I’ve got a bad feeling…(looks down at envelope and laughs) Michael again, huh?
**Darth Michael mask appears on Vicki**
Well that was fun but what happens when things don’t work out as planned? You know the feeling: you’re just driving down some country road with corn fields left and right and suddenly, you’re in the middle of a science experiment?
Or you get kidnapped by some vigilante and marooned on an island for the rest of time — well, at least until a ship tuckers past and notices your Gilliganesque lifestyle choice.
Then there is that awkward situation where you really need your parents, only they can’t come because, well, because a giant asteroid is soon going to clog up their closest – and only airport – like even an Airbus A-380 isn’t able to do.

And when was the last time you got so lost in a giant video game that you started to confuse your friends with one another?

Sure, those things *can* happen during regular airings of a television show, too. But let’s be honest, they’re certainly much less frequent. Or entertaining.

So let’s give it up for this year’s contenders for the best re-twisted twists of our favorite television show. And no, just in case you’re wondering, I’m not talking about Daenerys finally marrying Jorah.

A Plot Thwarted by Annie B
A Town Called Smallville by Dandello
Epiphany by Folc4evernaday
Guy Rule Number One by Folc4evernaday
Missing by NostalgiaKick
Remembering to Fly by Nostalgiakick
Sleeping With the Boss by Folc4evernaday
Virtually Revealed: Jimmy’s Story by Folc4evernaday
And the shiny new Kerth Award for the Best Episode Adaption goes to…
/pulls envelope from pocket and opens it/ Sleeping With The Boss by Folc4evernaday!
Congratulations!
**Vicki steps back and mask disappears**
[Linked Image]
Folc4evernaday
**chuckles to self** I guess after so many years it was bound to happen, right?
So this story actually came to me when Vicki, Feli, and I began talking about some of the major plot holes in Season Four and what we didn't like about how things were written that season
One of the main issues I had was how out of character Lois and Clark were. Thus Sleeping With the Boss was born. Written in 4 days.
Thanks to everyone for voting and reading! Thank you!


Deadly Chakram (points to mask and giggles) We really should start giving out tickets to that thing. Our next category is an oldie but a goody and one we haven’t had for a few years. Presenting Best Drama is cuidadora...
Cuidadora This year the Best Drama category brings a variety of stories. There are nine nominated stories, and all are outstanding. They range from shorts to epics, and once again showcase the authors’ talents in bringing to life adventures of Lois and Clark, whether in canon universe or an alternate one.
In “Embracing the Darkness,” Deadly Chakram shows us what might have happened to Clark if a double tragedy had struck down his parents almost simultaneously when he was young. She takes the reader on a search for a home where Clark can be himself, and can grow to his potential.
“Epiphany” by Folc4evernaday shows us what might have happened in the Season 1 Finale had Lois been more open to seeing Lex through Clark’s eyes, and Lex had discovered Clark’s secret.
Folc4evernaday in “Ghost From the Past” reveals a different Clark, who has been tortured and Trask’s prisoner for years and escapes with amnesia. He has to rediscover his past memories and deal with what happened to him, while working through what Lois and his parents faced while he was missing and presumed dead. And of course, there’s the added complication of Nightfall and no Superman.
In “Hitting Close to Home,” Lynn S.M. shares the pain Lois and Clark have of raising an autistic adolescent boy who has raging emotions and tantrums who cannot control or understand them. Finding a solution to their situation is not easy.
“Missing” by NostalgiaKick shows us what might have happened had Clark decided not to resume being Superman after Metropolis turned against him during the heat wave. It explores whether Lois can understand why Superman hasn’t returned because he felt betrayed by the people he’s tried to help. And answers whether Lois can now rescue him.
“Nothing is Impossible” by BJ takes us to the alternate universe after that Clark returns from saving canon from Tempus. He finally meets his Lois, but both of them are keeping secrets and find themselves thrown together to find and stop a serial killer. It answers whether they develop a working partnership let alone a friendship under the circumstances.
“Relative History” by CLeuch sends Jon Kent on a time-traveling adventure from 2025 to 1997 to meet his parents and grandparents. He struggles to find his way home while not changing the timeline or revealing the family secret. All while his brother CJ and sister Laura also search for the way to get him home.

“Rules of Trust” by Folc4evernaday is the second story in the “Rules Series.” Lois and Clark are trying to keep their new romance private while dealing with continual interruptions from multiple sources, including resurrected gangsters, Mayson and, of course, Jimmy.
“State’s Evidence” by Terry Leatherwood takes us to a very different universe where Lois Lane-Luthor meets Detective Clark Kent after she agrees to testify against her husband, Lex Luthor. The drama unfolds against the backdrop of Lois and Clark undertaking a dangerous road trip cross-country to get her safely to the witness stand.
The Best Drama of 2018 is State’s Evidence by Terry Leatherwood! Congratulations!
[Linked Image]
Folc4evernaday
Congratulations to our winner. So this next category is a new category we thought would be able to honor some of the great ideas that come out of authors. This many years after the show and still there are creative plots and innovative ideas that come out from the writers in our fandom. Not many fandoms are as blessed as we are to have as talented writers as we have now.
(Sees Feli from across the stage and smiles)
Speaking of writers here comes one of them now…
Deadly Chakram
Ralph: Thank you, thank you! Yes, I know my stuff is innovative.
Nostalgiakick
Lois: What are you doing here Ralph?
Deadly Chakram
Ralph: Me? What are you doing here? Haven’t you horned in enough?
Nostalgiakick
Perry: Now, what in the blazes is going on here?
Folc4evernaday
(mutters under breath) I wish someone would hire better security…
Nostalgiakick
(waves envelope) I’m glad you all are excited about this new category but none of you are on the presenter list.
Folc4evernaday
Maybe next year.
Deadly Chakram
Ralph: **mutters** Can’t catch a break around here.
Nostalgiakick
Boy, they just let anyone in here don’t they? We’re blessed with a lot of great writers in our fandom. This year we thought it was high time to honor the innovative ideas that have come from our authors. This year’s nominees are:
A Super Meeting by Deadly Chakram
A Town Called Smallville by Dandello
Agoraphobia by MouseRocks
Embracing the Darkness by Deadly Chakram
Last Name (Extended) by Thomas MC
My Own Worst Enemy by Folc4evernaday
Nothing is Impossible by BJ
Pocket Full of Kryptonite by Mouserocks
Relative History Miles by CLeuch
State’s Evidence by Terry Leatherwood
Waiting for a Lady by Morgana
And the winner is….Waiting for a Lady by Morgana! Congratulations!
[Linked Image]
Morgana:Yes! Waiting for a Lady is a love story for two very special people and I don’t mean Lois and Clark. Bob and Beverly Bartholomew have been married for over thirty years. Some of you might remember him as Bobbart. Because of Beverly’s recent battle with cancer he has not been very involved with the fandom. But I am very happy to report that Bev is on the mend, her hair is growing back and they plan on moving closer to family in the near future.
Thanks to those who sent feedback, comments and private messages. MikeM, KenJ and Andreia are the best betas a writer could ask for. Love this fandom!
Thanks again!
Folc4evernaday:**Val approaches and Mouserocks mask appears**
Seriously guys this is pretty cool. So unfortunately Mouse couldn’t present but she did write a pretty awesome speech for us. Wow. This is it. The big finale. First of all, I am honored to be presenting in this final category. What a ceremony, right guys? First of all, we've got to put our hands together for K-Comm, who put this whole shindig together. And really, where would we be without you? You guys are amazing in all that you do.
This has truly been an amazing year of content. 73 eligible fics in total. That's an incredible number, especially for a show that first aired almost 25 years ago. We also aren't showing any signs of slowing. Consistently, we've had new members joining our ranks on the boards. Whether you write, read, make fanart, fanvids, or even just observe all the chaos, you are an incredibly important part of making this one of the best communities to be apart of. So, a round of applause for all of you, too.
All right, no more mushy stuff. Let's tell the news, right? Here are the nominees for Best Overall Story.
Blooming Time by Millefeuilles
Collateral Damage by Folc4evernaday
Embracing the Darkness by Deadly Chakram
Epiphany by Folc4evernaday
Ghost From the Past by Folc4evernaday
Guy Rule Number One by Folc4evernaday
Last Name (Extended) by Thomas MC
My Own Worst Enemy by Folc4evernaday
Nothing is Impossible by BJ
Overwhelmed by Nostalgiakick
Remembering to Fly by Nostalgiakick
Revealing Time by Millefeuilles
Sleeping With the Boss by Folc4evernaday
Strange Visit by Queen of the Capes
The Ring by Nostalgiakick
State’s Evidence by Terry Leatherwood
Whine No More by Folc4evernaday
**opens envelope and pulls out two slips of paper**
Hmm. Wait. Two slips of paper? Is this a mistake? No? Okay, then. Ladies and gentlemen, we have *two* winners for this category! A tie! Wow!
*clears throat* All right then. Back to it. And the winners are...
Embracing the Darkness by Deadly Chakram
And
State's Evidence by Terry Leatherwood!
Congratulations to both of you! Speech time!
[Linked Image]
[Linked Image]
Deadly Chakram Well, since Terry isn't here...I guess it's just me.WOW! I’m in a state of shock, I think. Is this for real? All those other amazing fics and I get to split the prize? I mean, clearly, State’s Evidence was awesome. It’s an honor to be in such amazing company.
Geez, when I got the idea for this story, I had no idea how it would be received, nor did I know it would turn into a series. I just thought it would be a cool idea to team up Clark and Bruce, but not in the usual Superman and Batman way. I’m pretty stunned that it was so well received, and even more so that it actually won for Best Overall. I can’t thank each of you who voted enough.

At times, this story became all-encompassing. I’ve spent a long time on the trilogy – probably more than I’ve ever spent on a story…even the rare story and sequel I’ve done. I can’t thank you enough for spending your precious free time reading my story. I (and my muse) really appreciate that. I promise, the final installment of the trilogy is in the works – I’m working with my beta now to polish it up – and it should be posted soon. Hopefully you’ll enjoy the evil plot twists awaiting you!

Special thanks to Val and Feli, who have been putting up with me for almost a year now on these stories. They’ve been amazing betas/sounding boards for me as I’ve written. Couldn’t have done it without them, seriously!

From the very bottom of my heart, thank you, everyone. This is just an incredible honor, to share this award with Terry.

Folc4evernaday:Thanks Vicki congrats!
Thank you everyone! We hope you had a blast. Congratulations to all the winners. Looking forward to another great year of fics. Thanks for 20 years of Kerths! Have a great night everyone!

~The End

