DC: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the 19th annual Kerth Awards! Tonight, we not only celebrate a great television show - with the best Lois and Clark we could have ever hoped for - but the fact that, even now, after so many years, we are still here, continuing to keep the fandom alive through fanfiction.

It is my great pleasure tonight, to stand here with the other members of the K-Com - Val and Feli, without whose incredible dedication, hard work, and amazing talent these awards would not be possible - and honor the stories and the writers that help make our little corner of the internet feel like home. This year was our first year hosting the Kerths and given the changes that have taken place since the Kerths were first started back in 1998 we decided to try to amp up participation with a few new additions this year. Guess That Story has been going on since we named the nominees. Fanfiction banners have been created for each story, depicting the story beautifully in colorful images, and since this past year marked 20 years since Lois and Clark last aired we have a beautiful tribute video honoring both the fans and the show. We hope you’ve enjoyed the games and the fun. It’s great to see so many people still having fun and enjoying the show after so many years. This past year we had a lot of talent from a lot of different authors whom we’d like to honor tonight.

Val? I think you should present the next part.

Folc4evernaday:We had planned on surprising everyone with a few special guests this year, but unfortunately, schedules just didn't line up. This year we put together a tribute video invite that made it's way around the internet and on the boards that earned us not only a Retweet from Dean which we will cherish in our hearts forever...but a direct message from both him and Teri thanking us for the video and the ultimate #tbt. Here's what they had to say:

Dean Cain:
Thanks for the invite. Beautiful tribute. Glad to see the show touches so many fans this many years after we're off the air.


Teri Hatcher:
This is so awesome! Thanks for sharing.

Having our work given a nod by the actors that portrayed the characters we fell in love with is indeed an honor. All of this is made possible by the writers that share their work with us day in and day out. Tonight we celebrate those authors and the works they’ve shared with us in 2016. Vicki?

**Steps back from microphone**

DC:Thanks, Val. I think we all owe you a debt of gratitude for all your hard work on that video. So, thank you. Without it, we would not have had those messages from Dean and Teri.

We had a total of 73 stories written about our favorite characters - everything from dramatic, epic length tales to humorous, short little ficlets. Some focused on our heroes - Lois Lane and Clark Kent. Others gave us glimpses into the thoughts and lives of the people around them - from beloved supporting characters to new, original people only seen in passing or not at all on the show. We read new takes on old plots. We crossed into alternate dimensions. We went beyond the show into Lois and Clark's future.

Tonight, we honor those authors and recognize all the hard work they put into their stories.
As with any show or story our lead characters would not be able to solve their cases or break their investigations without a supporting cast. After all how can you chase a villain if you don’t have one, right? Introducing Best Original / Supporting Character category is Virginia R.

Virginia RWhy do writers add other characters to their Lois and Clark stories? Sure, we love our heroes and there are plenty of stories that only focus on the two main characters (their alter egos, and/or alternative versions of themselves), but by stepping outside that narrow box, we allow our beloved characters to grow in new and different ways by interacting with or reacting to other people. Sometimes, we even shift the focus far away from our two favorite characters to draw attention to how a villain feels about, or an innocent bystander is impacted by, the actions of our plot.

This year, 15 stories have original or supporting characters nominated. Many familiar supporting characters received nods: Lex Luthor, Jimmy Olsen, Cat Grant, and Inspector Henderson. Returning guest stars had the spotlight brought upon them once more: Jor-El, the guardian angel Mike, Det. Wolfe, Barry, and Lucy Lane, who garnered a total of 3 nominations in this category herself.

Then, there are the original characters or, shall we say, the new to the Lois and Clark series characters: the first girlfriend of the eldest of Lois and Clark’s children, a genie who takes Lois literally, a superhero with a self-revelation problem, an art thief with a truly remarkable gift, a young woman grappling with a life-changing decision, a nun with a secret identity, a journalism student with an eye for family resemblances, a girlfriend-stealing billionaire media tycoon who – strangely enough – isn’t named Lex, and an imposter’s… er… impersonator’s girlfriend.

/pauses to catch breath/
My that’s a lot of characters.

lfr&#65533;&#65533;r@&#65533;J

Ooops. Sorry about the extra characters.

/counts fingers again and again/

Wait! There are 16 stories and 20 characters nominated.

/grabs podium to steady self/

Okay.

Our nominated stories for best supporting or original characters are:

Rising Star and The Case of the Missing Artwork /The Purloined Paintings by Lynn S.M.
Mission on Fifth Street by Cuidadora
Gotham Nights and Mind’s Eye by CLeuch
The Loser by Lois_Lane_Fan
When Churches Come Crashing Down and Winner Takes All by folc4evernaday
Airport by Morgana
Adieu and 1 of 5 by Susan Young (ie. groobie)
Fallout-2016-Matchmaker Chronicles Vol 1CG3 by KenJ
Krypton’s Legacy, The Assignment, A Stark Conversation, and Veni, Vidi, Vici by Deadly Chakram

/pulls out flask of water and takes long gulp/

Please tell me I pronounced that last one correctly. I learned Ancient Greek, not Latin.

And the winner is…

/sets down flask and tears open envelope, removing not one, but two cards/

Are we having an Oscar’s moment here?

double checks envelope and cards/

No, a TIE!
Our winners ARE…
Airport by Morgana (character: Gregory Daae) – I know I pronounced that one wrong

[Linked Image]

and Mission on Fifth by Cuidadora (character: Mother Mary Frances)

[Linked Image]

Congratulations to the winners! /starts applauding while backing away from the mic/

Morgana:Oh boy! I don't know what to say but thank you. Still in a bit of shock.

Cuidadora Thanks. I am very honored to share this award with Morgana.

Morgana Thank you all for reading the story. Sharing the stage with Cuidadora is wonderful! This is a great fandom and I love being a part of it!

Ciudadora's computer is freezing up.

Cuidadora: Thank you all. I agree this is a wonderful fandom, and I'm thrilled you like Mary Francis.
My tablet is working better

Folc4evernaday Thank you Morgana and Cuidadora! Congratulations again on your well-deserved award.

Clark: Hey what is going on here?

Lois: What do you mean?

Clark: Look at this! How many people are going to find out that I’m Superman??

Lois: It’s fanfiction honey. It’s not real.

Clark: Look at this! In this one story practically everyone knows: you, Inspector Henderson, Trask, Bureau 39, my old girlfriend Lana, and….my dad Jor-EL? What is going on here?

Lois: It’s just a story, Clark.

Clark: It’s my life.

Lois: You should be flattered that the fans want to write about you. It has been 20 years since the show aired.

Clark: That is true. I guess having a revelation category isn’t that bad. Just as long as Lex Luthor doesn’t find out.

Lois: Well….

Clark: Seriously???

Lois: Shh! Okay, presenting Best Revelation is Groobie.

Groobie

(Well, presented by me, but written by Darth Michael)

Lois Lane famously confessed that one time how she’d rather be invisible than be able to fly, so she could find out what’s hidden behind all those closed doors.

And while we never got the answer to that question, we all know the truth — she just wants to find out the truth that’s hidden behind them.

It doesn’t matter if it’s corruption, a secret plot for world domination, or just some nefarious bad boy bent on exploiting Lois’s fellow Metropolitans for his own good.

And why would she want to be able to fly, anyway? She already got her own, personal superhero always ready to carry her into the clouds.
That is, until he disappears again behind the closed door of a closet and Clark Kent emerges.

I guess it’s a good thing Lois never did get to be invisible.
Otherwise, she might actually find out the truth that lies behind this particular door. Oh wait, she doesn’t need to be invisible. Not as long as FoLCs find new and creative ways to pull down Clark’s red underwear and reveal what’s hidden beneath.

What? Oh, right. I’m talking about his *blue suit*, of course! What have *you* been thinking?

Anyway, back to Clark not being able to keep his secret from Lois or the rest of Metropolis’s seedy underground and what happens then. For those of you who’d like to find out, this year’s list of nominees for Best Revelation sure is a good start:

Airport by Morgana
End of an Era by Terry Leatherwood
Ghost of a Chance by AntiKryptonite
Krypton’s Legacy by Deadly Chakram
Mind’s Eye by CLeuch
Muddying the Waters by NostalgiaKick
Proposed Ignorance by Deadly Chakram
Seeking Friendship by Lieta
Superman GO by Deadly Chakram
That Old Code of Ours by Lieta
The Real Me by CLeuch
The Wrong Man by NostalgiaKick
Winner Takes All by folc4evernaday
And while Lois would probably get a shiny Pulitzer medal for writing her revelation story, this year’s Kerth Award goes to...
Terry Leatherwood for End of Era !

Congratulations!

[Linked Image]

DC: Congrats to Terry! Unfortunately, I don't think he was able to join us this evening, so we'll keep his award tucked away and safe for him.

Thank you, Groobie. Now, I'd like to turn the microphone over to Val, to take us through the next few categories.

Folc4evernaday

***Walks on stage and finds Lois and Clark kissing, blocking the microphone***

Ahem...Excuse me?

(Tries to move them but to no avail)

<sigh> A little help here?

Clark: Help?

I’ll just take this….

(grabs microphone)
(Clark shrugs and goes back to kissing Lois.)

Just like with the series we all watched in long awaited anticipation as our favorite characters danced back and forth until FINALLY, they shared their first kiss. Introducing the stories being honored for the Best First Kiss is….Vicki.

DC: Thanks Val! (puts on mask to look like LMA)
A kiss is like a snapshot into a relationship. A visual. A brief glimpse.

It compresses all the feelings between two people into one electrifying moment, into a fleeting explosion of time.

A kiss is a highlight. An exclamation point. When trumpets sound.
And there is nothing that signifies the start of a relationship as much, or better, than that first kiss.

The First Kiss. It means feeling. Intent. The start of something new. Hope. Promises. Whispers of love still held beneath your breath.

It means everything. Hearts pounding. Beginning down a path, down a road, where there are no directions--only your heart to lead the way.

And for the FoLC writer and reader, so much of the time...it means wonderful anticipation, tantalizingly amazing WAFF.
This is the 2017 Kerth category "Best First Kiss".

Considering the 'playground' that these stories evolve out of--our lovely characters and television show held so near and dear to our hearts--it's an amazing category in and amongst itself.

These stories have taken their readers on vastly different journeys, but they all do have one thing in common: A Kiss. A moment that has touched our hearts. A moment that we want to celebrate.

"Airport" by Morgana:

She looked at him with a lopsided grin, “Yeah, I must be good and getting really close to the truth, otherwise, why would someone try to kill me?”

A shocked expression ran across Clark’s face, “Hey, don’t say that! Not even kidding around. You mean a great deal to me … er us. I’m not going to let anything or anyone hurt my partner and friend.”

Partner.

That word again. Yes, she had thought they could make a go of it, but maybe there was more to his words than their work relationship. She gazed, strong and proud, into Clark’s deep, brown eyes, she thought <God, he’s so handsome and attractive. Why am I resisting him? Besides, Lana doesn’t care about him. We would be so good, so right together.>

As if by unspoken agreement they moved towards each other. Clark completely forgot about the large furry mass currently sleeping on his lap. Lady P gave out an involuntary cry, a cross between a meow and a squawk. The humans ignored her hisses and meows. Annoyed, she wiggled out of his lap, tumbled to the floor and waddled as fast as her short legs could take her to the kitchen and her water dish. Clark moved closer, his strong large fingers curled around her smaller ones. “We are just the team to do it. We are stronger together than apart. Lois ...?”

“Yes … Clark …?” she responded with an equally husky whisper.

The atmosphere within the apartment seemed to crackle with tension like a thing alive. The environment, the very air of the room seemed to compress down to the two of them sitting intimately on Lois’s couch, so dangerously close to each other. Awkwardly at first, like nervous teen-agers, their lips touched and the delicateness of the union was oh so sweet. Clark’s relationship with Lana, Lois’s bitter memories of betrayal by Claude melted into nothingness as they gave into the heady maelstrom of heat and passionate emotions. Their discussion to bring down Gregory Daae utterly forgotten.

The emotions that flowed through Clark were overwhelming as their lips and bodies clung together, touching, exploring and wanting. Their desire drawing them closer to a line that when crossed could not be denied. His thoughts fell like shattered pottery into disarray, even the serenity of flight was pitiful besides the strength of the attraction he had for the beautiful woman
with doe-like brown eyes by his side. Lana’s blue eyes were often cold and distant, they did not appeal to him as Lois’s did.

"Don't Be Cruel" by cuidadora:

They both stood and stepped into each other's arms. Lois tipped her head up and Clark looked into her eyes. They saw the love in each other's eyes. Cautiously, he bent towards her and gently kissed her lips. She memorized the feel of his lips on hers, the smell of him, the gentle sound of his breathing, and how safe she always felt in his arms no matter what clothes he wore. Then she initiated a kiss filled with all the love and passion she could muster. Momentarily stunned, he soon returned the passion-filled, toe-curling kiss.

She sighed as she leaned her head against his chest, hearing his heartbeat. And Lois knew she was right about something else. She was in love with Clark Kent. She couldn't live or even visualize living without him. And she knew without him saying a word that he felt the same.

Coyly she looked at him and asked, "When's our first date?" He laughed and replied, "Tonight?"
She nodded yes.

"I've said it before, and I’m going to continue to say it until long after you believe it. Lois, I've loved you from the beginning, and I'll love you forever."

"Clark, I think I loved you from the first, too. I was scared to admit it until I saw you on the shuttle. I love you now and will love you till the end."

And they did.

"Ghost of a Chance" by AntiKryptonite:

She’s kissed him before, more than once, and always it’s taken her aback. I love you, like a brother, she told him once (and even then, she recognized the look of disappointment etched so markedly across his face). He’s her friend and her partner and her comforter, even her confidant, and that is all she had ever allowed him to be. But every time they kiss, no matter the reason, she is starkly reminded that he is more than all of that.

He is a man.

He is a tall, dark, and unbelievably good-looking man.


A man who looks at her (in her real memories; in her pretend memories; right now) as if she is his whole world.

A man who can kiss better than anyone she’s ever kissed before, so well the world itself fades away next to the reality of him.

And he’s not her brother. He’s not just a friend. He could be her partner in so many more ways than one.

So much possibility (she admits now). So much potential (she realizes anew, as if for the first time). And with this one kiss, she taints it all (and forever kills any possibility of her fantasies becoming reality).

But he is so close, and so warm, and so forgiving, and she is so alone and so afraid and so selfish. And this is, after all, for the good of the world. This will (she has been promised by an inviolable source) save Superman.

So she curves her lips in the facsimile of a smile and whispers, “Good night, Clark,” with a hint of playful laughter in her voice.

And when he sighs out her name (his own smile so much more real than her own), she closes the inch (the chasm) of distance between them, and kisses him again. A real kiss, all lips and heat and sparks that chase away her building headache and paint tingles along her fingertips, cast explosions behind her eyes. His hand comes up to caress her jaw, tilt her face so that he can part her lips, and Lois lets herself forget why she is here.

She simply is. Right here, right now, with Clark Kent.

She kisses him, and hopes that one day, someday, she will feel clean again.

"Mamihlapinatapei" by Susan Young:

Lois tore her gaze away from their joined hands and looked into his eyes. She whispered sadly, “Don’t fall for me, farmboy.”

Clark squeezed her hand gently, tilted his head in an apologetic shrug, and simply declared, “Too late.”

Lois nodded slowly, holding his hand for a few more affirming seconds, before letting go. She began to scoot towards the treehouse’s doorway, but something compelled her to pause. Mad Dog Lane lived in Metropolis; she wore boxy pant suits and guarded emotional armor. But right now, she was Lois Lane, in a calico dress, with her emotional walls toppled to the ground.

She flipped over onto her hands and knees, carefully crawling beside him. She saw his eyes widen with surprise as she hovered her face over his, allowing her hair to gently brush against
his skin. She paused, just for a moment, to ensure the action wasn’t impulsive, so he would know that she had made an active choice.

And then Lois Lane kissed Clark Kent.

Soft and brief, a press of her lips against his. It was the Corn Festival and a calico dress, strawberries and skinny dipping on a warm summer day, the glittering light of fireflies and stars in the night sky, and it absolutely shattered their fortresses of solitude.

She pulled fractionally away from him, opening eyelids that had fluttered shut. He inhaled and opened his eyes, and she savored every word she couldn’t let him say. Then she crawled away, scurrying out of the treehouse, down the ladder, and towards the safety of the farmhouse

"Mind's Eye" by CLeuch:

She gave a nervous chuckle. “It’s really hard to think straight when you look at me like that,” she said.

“So stop thinking” he said, his voice husky, his face moving slowly toward hers. His eyes fluttered shut as he closed the gap between them, brushing his lips lightly against hers, pausing momentarily before leaning in closer and engaging in a deep, profound kiss.

This wasn’t the first time he had kissed her – not the second or third, either, but it was different from those other ones in so many ways. Their previous kisses when he had been wearing the suit had all felt like stolen moments, forbidden actions from two people who had been spurred into uncharacteristic action by circumstance. They had been hungry, passionate, but lacking in any deeper emotion; they were kisses between two strangers. A couple of times he had kissed her as Clark, but each had been more of a ruse than anything else. And while those kisses had been tender, with maybe a spark of something else, they also lacked that deeper connection. Tonight, though…. Tonight was the culmination of everything, of their shared knowledge, of the unrequited feelings that had lingered between them for so long. It had felt dishonest before to try and tap into his deeper feelings for her while in either guise, since she really didn’t know him, didn’t know who he was, but now there was no reason to hold back, and apparently she felt the same way. Maybe it had something to do with the fact that she could feel his emotions, but the way she responded to him, the sensations that her touch arose in him, were more incredible than he could’ve possibly imagined. For an indeterminate amount of time he let himself get lost in it, get drunk on it, before he forced himself to pull back, not wanting the experience to degenerate into something that they weren’t ready for yet.

As he became aware of the world around him again, he realized that one of his hands was now cupped under her jaw while the other was wrapped around her back. Her hand was on the back of his head, her thumb messaging a sensitive spot under his ear, while the other hand rested uncomfortably high on his thigh. They both took heavy breaths as their lips parted, and Clark couldn’t help but smile widely, almost painfully so.

"The Loser" by Lois_Lane_Fan:

It was then that the two of them heard a knock at the door. It could only be Clark arriving to walk Lois to work. Lucy held her hands together gleefully and grinned mischievously in anticipation, while Lois simply sighed in frustration.

"I hope you enjoy this," she said as she opened the door.

Clark barely got the words 'good morning' out of his mouth before he found Lois' arms wrapped around him and her face close to his. He wasn't sure what was going on, but before he could ask, Lois began kissing him, right on the lips! In the background, he could hear Lucy intoning, "One... two... three... four... five!" At five, Lois released Clark and turned to Lucy.

"So, Lucy... want to make a bet on the Calvin Harding/Joe Bennett fight?" Lois asked. "I think Harding's gonna wipe the floor with Bennett."

"But Harding's the clear underdog," Lucy replied.

"I don't care. I say he'll win," Lois insisted. "Same rules apply for the next bet? Loser has to kiss Clark?"

"The Wrong Man" by NostalgiaKick:

She raised her tear streaked face and glared at him. “Okay? No, Clark, I am not okay! You just told me that the man I love and the superhero I chased around Metropolis for over a year are the same person! How could I be okay?”

He couldn’t stop himself from smiling, which only provoked another glare from her. “What are you smiling at?”
“You love me?” “Yes, but-”
This time he didn’t resist. Leaning forward, he captured her lips with his. For a moment she resisted him, then he felt her lips move under his and silently exulted. Oh, how he’d missed kissing her! She threaded her fingers through the hair at the back of his neck, tugging him closer as her tongue sought, and received, access to his mouth. He moaned deep in his throat as the tip of her tongue found his and pulled her off the couch into his arms, holding her tightly against him as he explored her mouth. All too soon, she was pulling away from him, making him groan in disappointment as she broke their kiss.

“You may not need to, but I need to breathe,” she reminded him.

“I love you, Lois,” he told her seriously. She leaned forward and pressed a lingering kiss to his lips.

"Winner Takes All" by folc4evernaday:

He felt her hand relax against his the moment their lips touched one another. He had only planned to kiss her good night, but she had pulled him in for a deeper kiss. He groaned in approval as she slipped her tongue inside his mouth. He could taste the chocolate from earlier on her tongue.

She ran her hands up and down his chest methodically, encouraging the embrace. He deepened the kiss, cupping her face with one hand. She linked her arms around his neck, pulling him closer. She tugged at his lower lip as he explored the inner confines of her mouth.

He allowed his other hand to explore the curves of her body. He was hesitant at first, but encouraged by her moans he grew more assertive. She felt so good in his arms.

She had turned to face him fully with one leg across his lap; the warmth of her skin against his continued to tease him as they continued their embrace. He ran his hand up and down her creamy thigh; kneading it gently. He was surprised to find her bare flesh beneath his touch. It intrigued him even more.

She had her arms linked around his neck as their kisses deepened. Every time he thought they would slow things down she grew more insistent, devouring him with her lips. It was evident now that the chemistry he had felt every time they had touched in the past week had not been one-sided. He continued to knead the flesh of her leg as they deepened the embrace. She pressed her body against his, deepening the kiss. She moved her hands up and down his chest, gently caressing him through his dress shirt.

“Lois…” he moaned. She didn’t give him a chance to say anything else, devouring him once more. She was now hovering above him as she straddled him. She supported herself on her knees as she devoured him.

"Between the Pages" by VirginiaR:

He smiled. “Do you want me to make love to you, Lois?”

She turned away, her face red again, but she didn’t step out of his arms. “You’re avoiding the question.”

As had she.

“I won’t make love to you until you know, Lois,” he promised into her ear. “I respect you too much to do otherwise.”

“Respect or love?” she asked, turning back around. Her face was now a mere inch away from his. He could feel her breath against his lips.

“Both,” he replied, speaking the word into her mouth. He took her dare and closed the gap between them, sealing this promise with a kiss.

Her arms slid up his chest and wrapped around his neck, placing one foot between his feet and pulling him closer. He tightened his arms to make sure that he didn’t lose his grip of her. As her lips moved over his, the noise from Metropolis faded away and it felt as if suddenly he and Lois were alone on the street. When they broke for air, sound rushed back to Clark like a freight train, causing him to take Lois more securely in his embrace.

"A Farmer's Tale" by Deadly Chakram:

"It's an amazing piece of artwork," she said. "Thank you so much."

"You're welcome."

Once again, it was Lois who made the first moves. She leaned toward Clark, her eyes closing as she closed the distance between the two of them. Her lips puckered. Clark followed suit, his body overriding the logical warnings of his brain. Never before had he wanted something so much.

An instant later, their lips met, innocently at first. Just the barest touch of skin to skin. A butterfly light feeling on Clark's lips. Then, suddenly, the kiss deepened, though for the rest of his life, Clark was never truly sure which of them had been the one to do it, or if it had somehow been mutually agreed upon though words had never been spoken. All he knew that that as the kiss deepened and became hungrier in nature, lightning ignited in his veins and zipped through his entire being. Every nerve ending was set afire. Every cell vibrated with a sudden influx of heat and passion. Every sense was heightened into almost inhuman levels. Stars exploded behind his closed eyelids. His brain ceased to process anything that wasn't that singular, perfect kiss.

His arms flew up to embrace her. Her fingers weaved their way through his dark hair. He pulled her even closer, never letting his lips leave hers. Her fingers left his hair and raked across his back. Desire flared in Clark's heart. God, how he wanted Lois! But she wasn't his to have and he reluctantly backed off. Lois must have realized that they were heading into dangerous territory as well. He felt her pulling away at the same moment.

"I...uh..." he stammered, looking for words.

"Yeah..." Lois replied, appearing to be at a loss for something to say as well. "That was..." he tried again.

"Incredible," she finished for him. "Perfection," he supplied.

"Mmm," she hummed in agreement.

DC:
*phew*
*drinks some water*
*deep breath*
With excitement, we announce the winner of the Kerth award for "Best First Kiss"...

The moment--the transient second in time where two hearts best came together as one--the moment that we have chosen this year to celebrate as this category's 2017 Kerth winner is:

Mamihlapinatapei by Susan Young

[Linked Image]

Congratulations! We applaud you for creating a heart-filled, beautiful expression of love between Lois and Clark that FoLC's will always treasure

Groobie Susan hesitantly stepped into the spotlight, stunned by the beauty of the radiant gold statue standing before her. She could hardly believe that, with one word, he could be hers.
The Kerth stood silently as Susan approached. He had a confident, aloof air, as if he knew that he was desirable, sure that standing proudly in front of a crowd was enough to make people want him.
And she most certainly did. Susan scanned the room, wanting to thank Lady Loisette for providing her story prompts, and Laura for beta-reading her story. She smiled gratefully and nodded her head in thanks to everyone who selected her for this honor.

Susan reached out her left hand, holding it against the side of the Kerth’s face and looked into his eyes. “Hi,” she said, with a giddy nervousness fluttering in her stomach.

The Kerth stayed silent, but there seemed to be a gleam sparkling in his eyes and an upward curve at the corner of his lips that betrayed his interest.

Inspired by a sudden aplomb, Susan pulled him gently towards her and kissed the Kerth’s cheek. She could imagine his face transforming with pleasure as he smiled broadly. Susan laughed with delight, and then she whispered in his ear, “Let’s go home.”

Thanks, everyone! &#128522;

Folc4evernaday You can’t have a romantic comedy without some laughter. Introducing the Best Comedy category is Vicki.

DC (Walks up on stage, makes it to the last step, falls down.) Huh? What’s this? A banana peel? Who…?

Folc4evernaday (From the balcony comes maniacal laughter, just before a person comes swinging down to the stage from a rope.)

DC: Kyle Griffin!?

KYLE: That’s right, the Prankster himself. Can’t have a comedy category without inviting me!

DC:(Toes the stage) But...um...you aren’t really...well...IN any of the stories up for this category.

KYLE: Oh, well, now this is awkward, isn’t it?

DC:I’m afraid so. (Shrugs)

KYLE: I’m sorry. Guess I overstepped things a bit. Here. It’s kind of hot under these lights, isn’t it?

(Kyle hands over a bottle of water.)

DC:Uh...thanks?

(Takes a sip, water dribbles down the front of my dress. An accompanying eye-roll and huff of annoyance.)

I really should have seen that one coming.

KYLE: Gotcha!

(Kyle runs off.)

DC: Sorry about the interruption, folks. Security, after him!

(Security guards rush off in every direction. Clark, now in his Superman uniform, speeds after them all.)

DC: Thanks, guys!

Now then, back to the category at hand. It’s said that laughter is the best medicine for whatever ails you. A bad day at work can be forgotten by a friend telling a funny story. A silly movie can alleviate a bad mood brought about a fight with a spouse or friend. An internet meme can cause a bout of laughter that can make you forget your troubles, even if only for a minute or two. In fact, laughing is one of the earliest things we master as babies, instinct driving us to show our pleasure with a smile or a giggle.

This year, our talented authors gave us a wealth of laughs on the boards, no matter what situation they stuck our favorite characters in.

In Innocents, by Queen of the Capes, we learn that Superman and Batman’s April Fools pranks have now spanned the generations, as Clark recruits his son in this year’s shenanigans. In Bakasi’s story, It’s Impossible, we see H.G. Wells make an epic mistake in exactly who the mystery baby was in the show’s (untimely) finale. In The Case of the Missing Artwork/The Purloined Paintings, Lynn S. M. uses a clever play on words in her punchline, after Lois goes missing while on the trail of a notorious art thief. Bakasi gave us the real reason for so many of our...shall we say....least loved plotlines (I’m looking at you, frog eating clone!) in her story Tempora Mutantur. Thanks a LOT, Tempus!

TEMPUS: (yells from his seat in the third row) You’re welcome!

DC:And CLeuch used a magic genie in a bottle to teach both us and Lois and Clark to be careful what we wish for in Mind’s Eye. After all, it might just come true, and with unexpected repercussions.
And the winner is…

(Opens envelope, gets hit square in the face with a glitter bomb.)
(Muttering) Nice. Really nice, Kyle.

(Reads the result to herself and makes a face.)

Wait a second. This can’t be right. Jimmy Olsen is NOT a contributing writer on these awards! (Growls) KYLE!!!!!

(From the rear of the auditorium, laugher. Superman blurs by, following the sound. He catches Kyle and hold him while security puts The Prankster in handcuffs.)

KYLE: I told you I’m the best there is! Ta-ta, folks! Next year, you better ask me to present this category. Or better yet, write me into some of the stories!

DC:(Grabs the - hopefully! - correct envelope from off stage and returns. Opens it nervously and breathes a sigh of relief when nothing pops out of it.)

And the REAL winner is….Tempora Mutantur by Bakasi!

[Linked Image]

TEMPUS: (Tempus runs on stage.) I won! I won! You like me! You really like me!

DC: Uh? Tempus? YOU didn’t win. Bakasi won. You know...the one who actually WROTE the story?

(With a sigh, Clark removes Tempus from the stage. Tempus yells over his shoulder.)

TEMPUS: Why you ungrateful…! I’ll get you for this! All of you!

DC:Bakasi? Please, come on up and accept your award

TEMPUS: (trying to break free from Clark and failing) Wait, they aren’t here! I’ll get it to them! I promise!

DC:Um, no thanks, Tempus. The K-com and I can handle that. Feli? I’ll turn over the microphone to you now.

NK:Thanks, Vicki. We move on now to the story length categories. First up is Best Super-Short. These stories give us a brief snapshot of the world of Lois and Clark, with their authors painting a vivid picture in remarkably few words. I’m going to hand over to Morgana now to present the award for Best Super-Short. Morgana?

Morgana:

Hello all
Hello fellow FoLC’s! Welcome to the first category of the Kerth awards!
This evening we present the winner of the Best Super Short story. A lot of imaginative fics have been packed into this year’s category. Never in all my time as a member of this fandom have I seen so many nominees … eighteen in all!

Changing Perspectives- NostalgiaKick
Changing the Game- NostalgiaKick
Clearing the Air- NostalgiaKick
Filtering Out- Susan Young
Innocents- Queen of the Capes
It’s All About Timing- Lieta
It’s Impossible- bakasi
Mirror, Mirror- SciFiJoan
Muddying the Waters- NostalgiaKick
Only a Friend- Queen of the Capes
Tempora Mutantur- Bakasi
The Art of Conversation- Scene 1- VirginiaR
The Case of the Missing Artwork/The Purloined Paintings- Lynn S. M.
The Loser- Lois_Lane_Fan
The Naming of Cats- Lynn S. M.
Veni, Vidi, Vici- Deadly Chakram
Yes or No?- NostalgiaKick
Rising Star- Lynn S. M.

Let me talk about a few of the nominees. Changing Perspectives, It’s All About Timing, The Naming of Cats and Mirror, Mirror allow us to see different aspects of Lois Lane. The first story gives brief snapshots of how her life with Clark changed over the years. While the second dramatically shows what happens when she failed to check the water level and missed out on the story of the millennium! Who could not love trying to name a new pet? Especially when the little furball is brought over by a flying friend? Finally Lois is in the doctor’s office, ready to take special skin treatments in order to slow down the aging process so there will not be such a difference of appearance between herself and Clark. Now that’s love for you!

That’s only four of tonight’s nominees. It was really a challenge trying to settle on the best one. But, it had to be done. So, without further ado, the winner is Muddying the Waters by NostalgiaKick!

[Linked Image]

*** Steps away from the microphone ***

NK: Muddying the Waters was one of those stories that pops into your head fully formed. I never expected it to spawn two sequels, and I definitely never expected it to win a Kerth!
Thank you everyone!

DC: Thank you, Morgana. And congrats, Feli!

Cat: (Cat Grant walks onto the stage and grabs the microphone.)

Testing. Testing … one, two, three…

DC:Cat, what are you doing here?

Cat: I just wanted to voice my outrage that so many people think I’m friends with Lois Lane. I resent that story in it’s entirety.

(Lois Lane walks on stage and grabs the microphone back.)

Lois: See? This is why we can’t take you anywhere. What do you mean you resent the story? It did happen. You did leave.

Cat: (glares) No one was supposed to know what I said when we said our good-byes.

Lois: (rolls her eyes) They didn’t. This is fanfiction.

Cat: How did they know?

Lois: I don’t know. (sigh) Anyway, presenting Best Short story is Val.

Folc4evernaday: **glares at crowd**

Hopefully that's all the interruptions for now...

From short glimpses into the Lois and Clark universe to small in-betweens and even introspective pieces that cover everything from painful experiences to a little comic relief these short stories provide a much needed distraction from the world around us and often bring a smile to the readers faces as they relive the excitement of the show we all love. In 1 of 5 we explored the repercussions of the New Kryptonians attack on Smallville. In A Stark Conversation
Tony Stark holds the press conference to end all press conferences and has Superman and the Justice League up in arms. In Adieu we saw a different side of Cat Grant…

Cat: Not Friends!

Folc4evernaday:….which may or may not be the beginning of a different relationship between Lois and Cat. In An Incredible Movie Experience Clark Kent gets the fear of God put into him by an innocent kids’ movie. In Countdown we got a glimpse of what life was like for our favorite duo as they counted down the new year with heartache and loneliness until finally finding one another. In End of an Era we saw justice finally served when Lex Luthor’s execution was carried out.

In Mamihlapinatapeii we explored what happened between the phone call with Perry and the stakeout in the woods in Green Green Glow of Home. In Summer we got a look at life in the country with Martha and Jonathan as Clark came by looking for advice on his relationship or lack thereof with Lois.
In That Old Code of Ours explored a different take on That Old Gang of Mine in which Clark gives Lois a sign that he’s okay. And finally in The Assignment we walk the road with guardian angel Mike who was given the important assignment of looking out for Lois Lane and Clark Kent.
And the winner for the Short is…

Well, this is a first!

Lois: What is it?

Cat: Shhhhh…

Folc4evernaday:Ladies and Gentlemen, for the first time in Kerth history we have a tie by the same author. The winner is Susan Young (aka Groobie) for both 1 of 5 and Mamihlapinatapei. Congratulations!

[Linked Image]

[Linked Image]

Groobie: Uhhhh.....I'm speechless. In that I only wrote that one speech for the category I thought I had a chance of winning...
Truly, I am blessed to be part of this fandom I am humbled in particular that you all would recognize 1 of 5. That story is a piece of my soul.

Both stories were inspired by one set of prompts. It took me in two wildly different directions &#128521;

Honestly, I'm in tears right now. From the bottom of my heart, thank you all.

Folc4evernaday: Awww.... Congratulations again Susan! It's well deserved!

Next we have our Mid-Length….

(Dan Scardino walks up on the stage.)

Dan! What are YOU doing here?

Dan: I’ve got some unfinished business.

Folc4evernaday:No you don’t.

Dan: I want a rewrite.

Folc4evernaday:What?? You can’t do that.

Dan: I finally get the girl and STILL lose her to KENT??? Come on!

Folc4evernaday:The show is called Lois and CLARK.


Dan: Small details.

Folc4evernaday:Security!!

(Jimmy and Perry walk on stage with two guards and strong arm him off the stage.)

Dan: It was supposed to be me!

Lois: Nope!!! It was always Clark. Can we get back to the ceremony now? I’ve got a deadline.

Folc4evernaday:Anyway….as I was saying. Our next category is for Mid-Length. These stories took us on a journey into the world of Lois and Clark with drama and mystery and plenty of laughs along the way. In Between the Pages Lois gets Clark to help her stop a mysterious blackmailer from….

Lois: Hold it! Hold it right there!

Folc4evernaday:<sigh> What now?

Lois: Do you honestly expect everyone to believe that I would…..pose...like that?

Folc4evernaday:It’s a story. Fanfiction.

Lois: Well it’s not true. Unlike some people…(glares at Cat) I can get my job done with my clothes ON!

Cat: Well some of us have what it takes and some of us don’t. Poor Clark…

Lois: Why you little…

Perry: <sharp whistle> Okay both of you stop! This is an award ceremony for fanfictions not hard news. No more outbursts.

Folc4evernaday: Thank you Perry. As I was saying in Between the Pages Lois gets Clark to help her stop a mysterious blackmailer from revealing a secret from her past. In Dance With Me we’re taken on a dream sequence after Lois cracks open a murder case.

In Don’t Be Cruel a little parental advice goes a long way to mend the broken bridge between Lois and Clark before Superman goes to see Lois after she broke Clark’s heart in Barbarians at the Planet. Mind’s Eye gives us a glimpse into everyone’s thoughts when Lois is granted the wish to hear everyone’s thoughts by a genie.

Superman GO is a fun take on a popular game that took the nation as Lois and Clark get pulled into the game of Pokemon GO. The Real Me shows Clark finally letting Lois see the real him in this adorable revelation story.

Then finally in the Wrong Man we find Lois engaged to Dan Scardino and looking for Clark who doesn’t want to be found.

And the winner for Best Mid-Length is….The Wrong Man by ….

Dan: It should have been me!

Folc4evernaday:Would someone please escort him out of here?

Dan: No, don’t! I’ll be good!

Folc4evernaday: (mutters) That’s what they all say. As I was saying, the winner of Best Mid-Length is The Wrong Man by NostalgiaKick. Feli come on up.

[Linked Image]

NK:The Wrong Man was a step out of my comfort zone; I’d never attempted a long story without any A-plot. Thank you to everyone that encouraged me to keep writing it. I’m so glad that you all enjoyed it. And thank you for the Kerth!

DC: Thank you, Val. And congrats again, Feli! The next categories will be introduced by….

(Jason Trask bursts into the room.)

DC: Oh, for the love of….Trask! What are YOU doing here???

Trask: I’m here to get my award. A lot of these stories are about me.

Lois: No, they’re about me and Clark. Aren’t you supposed to be dead???

Trask: That’s the joy of fanfiction. Old enemies can always come back. So what do I win? A car? Money? Oooh! A new rifle!

(Blue glowing window appears behind him and he looks…)

Hey, what’s that?

(Falls into the window)

Tempus: <laughs and takes the stage> Presenting Best Epic is Groobie. That’s a fun name Groooooobie.

Groobie Tempus, give me the microphone

Tempus: (Tempus hands microphone)I was just trying to have some FUN.

Groobie The authors in this category write stories that are copious, discursive, effusive, loquacious, prolix, verbose…
(thanks, Thesaurus.com)

They use their talents to weave intricate plots, bring depth to supporting characters, and make original characters come to life. The untold hours these authors invest in their stories are a testament to their love of Lois and Clark and their dedication to our fandom.

I am impressed with each of these writers, who have my utmost respect for the work they have done and the pieces of art they have created.

It is my honor to present the nominees for Best Long/Epic Story.

In this Elsewhere tale, a poor peasant falls in love with a nobleman’s daughter, proving once again the timeless romance between Lois and Clark: “A Farmer’s Tale”, by Deadly Chakram

In the Alt-Universe, Lois never boards a plane to the Congo, which results in drama, intrigue, and entirely new relationships for Lois, Clark, and an expansive cast of characters: “Airport”, by Morgana
In an attempt to change the future, Lois manipulates Clark’s heart and sets in motion a devastating battle with Doomsday: “Ghost of a Chance”, by AntiKryptonite

In this Next-Generation story, conflict is caused by red kryptonite and romantic feelings: “Gotham Nights,” by C Leuch

In a universe where Jor-El and Lara escaped their home planet with their infant son, Clark’s journey towards becoming a hero takes dramatic twists and turns: “Krypton’s Legacy,” by Deadly Chakram

In a bold move, Lois asks Clark to marry her, but a revelation brought on by Clark’s illness causes Lois to rethink their relationship: “Proposed Ignorance,” by Deadly Chakram

In a story that diverges from the pilot episode, Clark isn’t the only reporter with suspicions about Lex Luthor, and his relationship with Lois develops differently as a result: “Winner Takes All,” by folc4evernaday

And the Kerth for Best Long/Epic Story goes to…

“Airport,” by Morgana

[Linked Image]

MorganaShe grabs her husband hand in shock.
Stumbles up to the stage. Looks around for Gregory and Lana Daae to sneak up and steal the award
I ... I cannot believe this. I am shocked and honored to know you all really loved Airport.There are a lot of betas and friends to thank
There were a bunch of seriously FANTASTIC stories out there this year.
I was not expecting this. Thank you one and all.
She picks up the statue holds it up, gives a loud shout and then walks off the stage.

NK: A well deserved award there, Morgana!
A truly great story has everything. Drama, comedy, romance, angst, friendship… The next category has them all. Here’s Val to present Best Overall Story.

Folc4evernaday:Airport explores the Alternate Universe and shows us how HG Wells stopped Lois Lane from going to the Congo and how this version of Lois and Clark worked together and eventually fell in love.Ghost of a Chance shows us what would happen if Lois turned down Lex’s proposal and gave Clark Kent a chance at the end of Barbarians at the Planet.

The Wrong Man shows us how misunderstandings can lead to heartache as Lois turns to Dan Scardino when Clark leaves Metropolis, thinking he was Lois’ last choice.

Don’t Be Cruel has a bit of parental advice that can go a long way for all of us as Clark has to force himself to be kind as Superman at the end of Barbarians at the Planet. Krypton’s Legacy shows us what would have happened had Jor-El and Lara taken the journey to Earth with Kal-El.

Ambivalence shows us how damaged Clark became after being held captive by Luthor in a Kryptonite cage in House of Luthor. The Green Glow of Home has a missing scene explained to us in Mamihlapinatapei.
We doubled participating in voting this year which is a huge accomplishment given how slow things have been over the last few years.

Apparently it was very hard to choose between all these wonderful stories, as we have a tie…

Mamihlapintapei by Susan Young and Airport by Morgana. Susan, Morgana, come on down.

Morgana:{/b] Oh boy! Thank you again

[b]Groobie: Amazing. I am stunned and grateful beyond words

Morgana Could I just name a few people who helped me? KenJ, Anti-K, MikeM, DebbieG and Ms. Janet Owens who talked me off the edge more times than a few. Without there help and the encouragement of many others this would never have happened.

Great Ceremony! Thanks K-Comm!!!

Groobie: Thanks to every author, every reader, and everyone who leaves even one line of feedback.
You all inspire me to write more smile

NK: Congratulations to all the winners, but there is one category left. We had two new authors this past year. Introducing the Best New Author is last year’s winner, Cuidadora.

Cuidadora: It's my pleasure and honor to present the award for Best New Writer this year.

Twenty years after the series, it's amazing and delightful to still have new people joining, and more seasoned ones coming back. Whether you're a newbie or not, you probably share some of the same worries:

Is my work good enough to post?

Will anyone comment on my story?

Will they like it or hate it?

At the same time, there's also the overwhelming pull to tell your story. Maybe you want to fix some plot inconsistencies, or just make a change to one small thing and see what happens. Often the only way to get that plot bunny out of your head is to write your story. And the L&C Boards are very welcoming to new members, whether or not you write stories.

These feelings of ambivalence can continue after the story is posted, including the anticipation as the Kerth Awards Ceremony approaches. On the L&C Boards it's been mentioned that they are like the Academy Awards, including the amazing preparations from the Kerth Committee. Depending upon your point of view, you could see the Kerths as an awards ceremony, or even an election day.

This past year we welcomed two new wonderful writers who are continuing the saga of Lois and Clark, each bringing their own unique spin to the series we all love.

The nominees are:

Suggs_With_A_Box gave us "Election Day," a very different spin on a presidential election and its consequences. An election that had long lasting sinister results.

And Nivafrer wrote "Ambivalence," her own version of what happened during and after the Lois and Clark season one finale. The aftermath of Clark's experience in the cage had long-term repercussions. Both are very powerful, emotional stories that showcase their talents.
And the winner is…

Nivafrer!!! Congratulations!!

[Linked Image]

***Steps away from the microphone***

NK: Unfortunately Nivafrer couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll make sure she gets her award

We want to thank all the authors and readers and everyone that came together to make this possible. Stay tuned for the afterparty on Twitter @kerthawards and tag #KerthAwards2017 or stay in the Kerth Chat Hangouts group. An archive of this ceremony will be made available to those unable to attend by next week.

Thank you, everyone, for your support. We couldn’t have done this without you. Can’t wait to do this all again next year.
